Post #1:  Willow Skyrider posted at Saturday, August 3rd, 2013, 11:41 PM:
I lied, I'm going to start the discussion right here in our new Sci-Fy Thread!
We decided that  Boarded! had gone too far from it's original intent, yet we couldn't salvage it for a better RPG, so we have started a new role-play, and are leaving Boarded! for our Newbies to practice their Roleplay Story-telling on 

So, before we start, lets get a general consensus on what's going on at the beginning, and then let the story flow! We could either have them all at the bridge awaiting commands, or assembling outside the ship and waiting for their new Commanding Officer to christen the vessel.

I myself am keeping AntiCure (but I may change his back story) Because I really want The Outsider to have a Sentient AI, but I'm ditching Senator Skyrider into the Characters waste-bucket because he's pretty much obsolete all by himself at the other end of the galaxy...

(And yes, that rainbow as the Thread's picture is totally intentional.)

Post #2:  Titus2teen posted at Sunday, August 4th, 2013, 07:05 AM:
Now this, will be good. Do you want me to join?

Post #3:  AstroNut posted at Sunday, August 4th, 2013, 01:35 PM:
No, Allen, it won't be good. It will be awesome!  Now for a few things to be considered... 

I assume that we will be having aliens, yes? Should we make up our own races or use one from popular culture? (Klingons, Martians, Gu'auld, and whatnot)

Will the Outsider still be a military vessel or an exploration ship like the Enterprise? And if we are military, should we come up with a war or just be part of a "peace keeping armada" (Which of course would give an opportunity for a conflict to arise...) 

Or should we just put a few loose parameters - like no Star Wars stuff - and see how it goes?

Post #4:  Imogen posted at Sunday, August 4th, 2013, 07:46 PM:
*Bows deeply* "This newby offers her services (and her two characters), if you will have me."

Post #5:  Willow Skyrider posted at Sunday, August 4th, 2013, 10:31 PM:
If we were going to do Aliens, I think we should make our own instead of trying to bring other 'Verses aliens into our realm.  You're not a newby, Imogen! But I have found that, across all the RPGs I'm involved with, different characters require somewhat different writing-styles in order to fully immerse yourself into that character... It's really interesting in and of itself! (And kind of annoying too.) Of course we'll have you!

I vote Military/Peace-Keeping Armada, that leaves us a lot of options... Or we could get sucked into a Black-hole and get spat out in the future!

Post #6:  Varyafírimar posted at Monday, August 5th, 2013, 12:33 AM:
I have some reject Alien races from my Sci-Fi, you are welcome to use them (once I find them)!

Post #7:  AstroNut posted at Monday, August 5th, 2013, 09:30 AM:
Alright, so I suppose it's our own alien races then? Good. 

And since no one else objected to being a peace-keeping armada... should we do that too? 

Oh, oh, about the black hole! What if we're really a ship from say, the early 22nd century, but we get sucked into a wormhole and end up in the distant future, like the 25th century, or something. 
Or we could just skip the time jump and get transported to different part of the galaxy/galaxy altogether. 

Whaddya think?

Post #8:  Autumn Lee posted at Monday, August 5th, 2013, 11:12 AM:
...I don't really want to quit the old RP... I mean, it is kinda helter-skelter, but Lee and Link didn't get to do much... 

Post #9:  Titus2teen posted at Monday, August 5th, 2013, 11:29 AM:
All I know is that Kkeut will look about the same, except for a cool black with red highlights outfit, and no weapons. Oh, and his past will change a little bit. I'll post the full character profile on CC&C.

Post #10:  Imogen posted at Monday, August 5th, 2013, 12:21 PM:
I need to develop Gen and John more.
I do want to join this new one though! Definitely, if you'll have me and my annoyingly accident-prone characters.

I agree with you too Lee, the old Boarded is still going strong for us (the Kamino Brigade)! I think we should use it to develop and build our characters, maybe start a background between them or something. Anyway, I have no plans of ditching the old one just yet. 

Post #11:  Varyafírimar posted at Monday, August 5th, 2013, 02:30 PM:
I dislike those "Wormhole time-travelling fiascoes", they're really hard to not write yourself into an inescapable corner.

What if our characters on The Outsider are in our system but some sort of cosmic storm happens (ReBoot, Fantastic Four movie) that sends them through hyperspace into an unknown, unexplored star system?

'Kay, I've found most of my alien races and I'll post them here once I gather them all up together.

Post #12:  Willow Skyrider posted at Monday, August 5th, 2013, 02:55 PM:
I've seen both techniques done quite well, Time-Travel would be cool, but so would being spat across Galaxies... I don't care either way because I'm sure we could burrow under the inescapable-corner, 

Post #13:  Imogen posted at Monday, August 5th, 2013, 04:11 PM:
Ooh! A Star Trek Voyager-type plot? I'd be all for that!
It is true that Time/Wormhole-Space-Travel stories can get a little sticky in places, but I agree Jake--we could probably write around the corner. Perhaps there is a war going on, and in the middle of a battle, the Outsider gets spat across the galaxy--right into enemy territory!?

Post #14:  AstroNut posted at Monday, August 5th, 2013, 04:41 PM:
Voyager!!!! *Fangirls* 

Yes, time-travelling would get sticky. I vote for just space-travelling. 

And another thing, can we try to keep the "dark pasts" to a minimum? What really made the old RP unusable was that we all wanted dramatic, dark secrets or powers. So what we really ended up writing was a soap opera.

Post #15:  Willow Skyrider posted at Monday, August 5th, 2013, 08:41 PM:
Okay so, All agreed upon the following?

Space-Travel, YES.
Time-Travel, NO.
Our Own Aliens, YES.
The Outsider is a Military-Battle Class Vessel/Peace Keeping Armada vessel that gets pulled through a freak Wormhole into the far reaches of space and winds up in the middle of an unknown battle?
Our characters having dark pasts and secrets should try to be avoided? I mean, a little mystery is good, but keep it very minimal!
And we're starting out the story within the docking bay or already onboard?

Post #16:  Varyafírimar posted at Monday, August 5th, 2013, 09:09 PM:
Hrmmm...I kinda like the idea that they meet at the docking bay and make introductions. Like how in the world did Varya become second-in-command?!

We should also agree on whether we write mainly in first person or third. If it's a combination of both, it throws me out of the story and confuses me when I'm writing a new post.

My aliens are almost here...not very creative but that's why they're rejects...

Post #17:  Willow Skyrider posted at Monday, August 5th, 2013, 09:11 PM:
I vote for 3rd person, Past-tense character writing, because once you have more than two "I" characters it kind of gets confusing, which is why I think it's usually limited to writing novels.

Post #18:  Imogen posted at Monday, August 5th, 2013, 09:16 PM:
3rd person for me--I've found that, no matter how hard I try, I sound horrific in 1st person.

Post #19:  Varyafírimar posted at Monday, August 5th, 2013, 09:19 PM:
I prefer first person, mainly 'cause I don't continue my stories written in third but I've had lots of practice now thanks to EW!

Post #20:  Varyafírimar posted at Monday, August 5th, 2013, 09:46 PM:
Here are my aliens cast-offs, create characters with them as you please.

Chlors are tall and lean but rather weak compared to the human race. They have no hair at all but do have thorn-like spines creating a crown on their head, males have thicker spines and females have longer, thinner ones. Their skin comes in many shades of green (hence their name) and have large, slanted eyes that don't appear to have pupils or whites, they are more akin to that of a horses' eyes. 

Nefers are the same height as humans, though generally are more curvy and stronger. They have golden skin and bleached hair from their hot, harsh climate. They typically have grey or light blue eyes and florescent spots the same colour as their eyes where a human's eyebrows would be. Humans have noted that their entire culture is incredibly similar to that of the dead Egyptian empire. They are rather narcissistic and own slaves of other races to do the hard, dirty and not glory-bringing jobs.

I have more. Somewhere...

Post #21:  PINKPANSIES posted at Tuesday, August 6th, 2013, 03:56 AM:
I don't care if we do it in first person or third person. I can write pretty well in both. But I do agree. If you have six or more people writing in first person it does get confusing.

Post #22:  AstroNut posted at Tuesday, August 6th, 2013, 12:00 PM:
I vote for third person. I find it much easier to approach the character. 
And I vote for docking bay. 

Oh, and what kind of mission are we setting out on? Diplomacy? Exploration? General patrolling? Because I was thinking of making my character a rather absent-minded scientist-ish person, who really wouldn't have a place on a diplomatic or military mission... Unless we were going to investigate some unexplained phenomena (Which turns out to be a wormhole which transports us to another part of the galaxy, etc.)!

But I could tweak it. What should we do?

Post #23:  Varyafírimar posted at Tuesday, August 6th, 2013, 12:04 PM:
Exploration. We have the most leeway if we make Major Plot Holes and need to wiggle out of it.

Post #24:  AstroNut posted at Tuesday, August 6th, 2013, 12:05 PM:
And we happen to come across a wormhole, ya think?

Post #25:  Varyafírimar posted at Tuesday, August 6th, 2013, 12:10 PM:
I hate wormholes. How about a cosmic storm like in the Fantastic Four movie that turns on our ships hyperdrive and sends us rocketing through space to an unknown star system.

Oh wait. I already suggested that. Nevermind.

Post #26:  AstroNut posted at Tuesday, August 6th, 2013, 12:15 PM:
Howa 'bout an Einstein-Rosen bridge?

Post #27:  Varyafírimar posted at Tuesday, August 6th, 2013, 12:19 PM:
A-who-what-now?

Post #28:  AstroNut posted at Tuesday, August 6th, 2013, 12:26 PM:
An Einstein-Rosen bridge is a theoretical bridge between two points in space created by the extreme gravitational field of a singularity. 

It's basically a wormhole, inside a black hole.

Post #29:  Varyafírimar posted at Tuesday, August 6th, 2013, 12:33 PM:
...

Ick.

Post #30:  AstroNut posted at Tuesday, August 6th, 2013, 12:35 PM:
I thought you would say that. 
Let's see what the other's think.

Post #31:  Willow Skyrider posted at Tuesday, August 6th, 2013, 12:47 PM:
At it's most basic foundational level, there is little difference what form the phenomenon takes, so long as it gets us across the galaxy in less than a few thousand years and to that end, I think the easiest way to keep it suspenseful yet simple is have the Electrical storm fiasco scare everyone out of their skin, then settle down for a minute, and then reveal the side-effect to that storm: A Black Worm-Hole which we get pulled into while our ship is recovering from the power-outage created by the storm. Everybody happy?

I say we make it an exploration trip, and the powers-that-be decided that it was best to conduct it using a Battle-class ship because the mission was on the edge of neutral space and it was too much a risk just to send a Science vessel that close to enemy territory.

Post #32:  AstroNut posted at Tuesday, August 6th, 2013, 01:17 PM:
Err, in that light, a plain and simple storm seems better.

Post #33:  Varyafírimar posted at Tuesday, August 6th, 2013, 01:25 PM:
YESSSS! My idea won!!!

Post #34:  Willow Skyrider posted at Tuesday, August 6th, 2013, 01:56 PM:
How humble you are...

So I think that covers everything, now all we need is Abby to return from her vacation and we can get this ship in the air!

Post #35:  PINKPANSIES posted at Tuesday, August 6th, 2013, 08:14 PM:
I like that idea! It's not too confusing.

Post #36:  Varyafírimar posted at Tuesday, August 6th, 2013, 10:15 PM:
Heh, sorry Willow!

That's what I was going for, Beth ^_^

Post #37:  AstroNut posted at Wednesday, August 7th, 2013, 11:57 AM:
Oh, wait, wait, wait, one more thing:

Mutants or no mutants?

Post #38:  Varyafírimar posted at Wednesday, August 7th, 2013, 06:32 PM:
...

Ick.

Post #39:  AstroNut posted at Wednesday, August 7th, 2013, 06:57 PM:
.......Varya...

Post #40:  Varyafírimar posted at Wednesday, August 7th, 2013, 07:16 PM:
*Bats eyelashes* What?

Post #41:  Willow Skyrider posted at Wednesday, August 7th, 2013, 07:46 PM:
I don't care either way, but I think they're fun enough to keep with us.

Post #42:  PINKPANSIES posted at Thursday, August 8th, 2013, 03:07 AM:
Yea. Lets keep them.

I'm going to change my character a lot.

Post #43:  AstroNut posted at Thursday, August 8th, 2013, 12:20 PM:
Alrightey then. But I for one am banishing Weirdy from RPing. 

I am too Beth! Are you changing her name?

Post #44:  Varyafírimar posted at Thursday, August 8th, 2013, 08:55 PM:
Ohhhh...sorry, I thought you meant MUTANTS, as in people who get kidnapped by evil scientists and transformed into this half-human/half-animal hybrid, not our minions.

Same here, Arthurine may be my only minion in this RPG, maybe.

Post #45:  PINKPANSIES posted at Friday, August 9th, 2013, 02:35 AM:
No Victoria, her name remands the same. Nearly everything else has been changed.

Post #46:  Imogen posted at Friday, August 9th, 2013, 08:55 AM:
Not Weirdy!
Is there a limit to characters? If not I'm bringing in three. T.T
Also, may I take the nurse's position?

Post #47:  AstroNut posted at Friday, August 9th, 2013, 09:21 AM:
Hey, you know, I could make Weirdy the cook!

Post #48:  Varyafírimar posted at Friday, August 9th, 2013, 02:45 PM:
Yeah right, Victoria! Weirdy as the cook? We'd all die of food poisoning.

I think there would be more then one doctor/nurse on a spaceship, Imogen. And if you want to RP three characters, I say go for it!

Post #49:  Varyafírimar posted at Friday, August 9th, 2013, 04:24 PM:
Urrggghhhhhh...can we PLEASE get this show on the road already? We CAN play it by ear for a while!

Post #50:  AstroNut posted at Saturday, August 10th, 2013, 03:05 PM:
I'm sure no one would mind if you post. The rest of us are just working out details.

Yes, I know we'd all die. It was a joke. Next time I'll tap my head so you know when to laugh. :p

Post #51:  Varyafírimar posted at Saturday, August 10th, 2013, 07:07 PM:
(OOC: I'm taking creative liberties with the others' personalities and such. Enjoy the first post!)

Commander Gonzalez looked at the order and dossier from High Command in dismay. 
This is who they were thrusting into the position of Second-In-Command of her ship? This...girl?!
Her comm went off.

"First Officer Hex to see you, Commander." Came the clipped voice of an officer.

She breathed in deeply, mentally preparing herself before reaching over to press the release for the door.

"Send her in." She said as the door slid open.

A few short moments later, First Officer Varya Hex step in, in all her young and chaotic-looking glory.

"Hiya, I'm Varya Hex!" Said the girl, giving her a wide, one-fanged grin.

Commander Gonzalez stared. Her picture did not do the living, breathing version justice. 
Her bright blue hair was hacked-off at her chin but had a small braid on either side of her freckly, golden face that brushed her shoulders. Her eyes were bright and hid wisdom behind their reflective silver colour. She had not yet changed into the uniform of one in command but was still wearing civilian clothes, a rather dangerous-looking ensemble that was a black, snug Oriental-looking top, stained, burned and torn jeans and black combat boots.
This was going to be her Second-In-Command?
The universe must hate her.

"Yes...welcome aboard, First Officer...--" The commander began.

Varya interrupted her "So, who's Tall, Dark and Handsome?" She asked, eyes glittering and black fingernails tapping out a rhythm on the Commander's desk.

Tall, dark and...? Oh no...! She didn't, did she? Commander Gonzalez wondered in dismay

"Varya Hex, you wouldn't be talking about Kkuet, would you?" she asked, eyes wide with dawning horror.

Varya quirked a smile "Is that his name? It fits, an awkward name for an awkwardly cute boy playing assassin."

She gasped "Did you flirt with him?!"

"But of course." Varya said, winking.

Commander Gonzalez pointed to the door as the universe dumped more hate on her "You're dismissed." She managed to get out.

Varya flicked a wave over her shoulder "See ya', Commander!" She said, fully prepared to hunt down Tall, Dark and Handsome and have a nice, little chat with him now that she discovered his name.

Post #52:  Titus2teen posted at Sunday, August 11th, 2013, 01:49 PM:
Kkeut fingered the dog tag hanging around his neck as he looked out the window of the ship, thinking that this must be some sort of punishment. His employer wasn't very happy with his last job, apparently, the target was supposed to be alive when returned. Details, thought Kkeut, details.

Kkeut let out a sigh, and looked down at his dog tag, running his fingers across the letters and words.
Kkeut
00-0001
Kkeut quickly put the dog tag back into his jacket hearing someone coming, leaving the neckline unzipped. He turned to see a girl of about twenty he guessed, aflow with a chaotic mess.

She grinned. "Well hello there, Tall Dark-" Kkeut cut her off.

"What do you want?" He snorted.

"To get to know you of course. Why else?" She replied, winking.

"Too bad." Kkeut started to walk past her, but she grabbed his arm.

"Really? Just walk away like that without asking my name?" She was was visibly curious as to his name, but Kkeut didn't care in the slightest.

Kkeut gave a mock thoughtful look. "Yeah, about that... No, I don't care." And walked away, ignoring the voice behind him and debating if the commander of the ship would notice a missing member.

The girl looked after him. She had her work cut out for her, but that was okay. Now to find his name...

***

Kkeut hadn't met any of the crew members yet, he'd do that later. Instead, he was finding suitable hideouts throughout the ship. He'd found some, and satisfied for the moment, went to inspect the training room.

In the midst of looking around the room, the door opened to reveal the girl from before.

"Hiya there." She grinned flirtatiously.

Kkeut really started to consider telling the leader of the ship that a support beam had come loose and fell, wondering if she would believe it....

(Okay! I'm in there! Now to wait for Abby!)

Post #53:  AstroNut posted at Sunday, August 11th, 2013, 02:24 PM:
(I'm really enjoying this sarcastic Kkeut.)

Post #54:  Varyafírimar posted at Sunday, August 11th, 2013, 04:42 PM:
Varya had finally managed to hunt down Kkuet in the training room. Why was she not surprised...?
"Hiya there!" She said, grinning flirtatiously.

Kkuet stared at her.

She batted her eyelashes "I'm Varya Hex, First Officer...and I know that you're Kkuet." Varya tossed a braid over one shoulder still smiling coyly.

The boy narrowed his eyes "The pleasure is all mine, First Officer Var--Wait, First Officer?!" He asked, looking slightly disturbed.

Varya threw back her head and laughed "That sent you off kilter, didn't Sugar?" She winked "Yup, I'm Second-In-Command of the Outsider." 
She got a puzzled look on her face "Still don't know why they promoted me though, what did I ever do?"
Shaking her head, she continued "Anywho, what do ya' say to a little spar?" Varya asked, giving Kkuet her one-fanged grin again.

"Spar? Are-are you serious?" He asked, looking faintly amused.

Varya shrugged "We're in the training room, why not?"

"Do you even know how to fight?" Kkuet asked, smirking.

The chaotic girl's smile froze on her face "How good are you at knives, boy?" She asked, eyes glinting dangerously.

He smirked again "Are you?" he countered.

"Catch." Varya whispered, whipping her hand away from her side and flicking it towards Kkuet's unprotected chest.

A gleaming, serrated silver blade spun towards Kkuet. He reached up and plucked it out of the air, twisted his wrist and sent it spinning back towards it's owner.
Kkuet was somewhat horrified to discover that Varya had turned away from him and was walking towards the exit, the dagger flying towards her back. Before he could call out a warning, the dagger veered to the left and into her awaiting hand.

"See ya' at the storm, Sugar!" Varya called to him as the door slid shut behind her.

Who was that girl and why did she have such an avid interest in him? Kkuet wondered in confusion. Nobody was interested in getting to know him other then hiring him as a killing machine! What a weirdo...Kkuet hoped he didn't have to interact with her too much. It wasn't until later that he realised how wrong he was.

Post #55:  AstroNut posted at Sunday, August 11th, 2013, 04:58 PM:
(I'll start writing... Don't want to be too far behind)

Post #56:  PINKPANSIES posted at Tuesday, August 13th, 2013, 03:34 AM:
Bethany stood looking out of a window. She sighed, and spoke out loud, "Oh, I wish Father had not made me come. I don't like it here. "
Just then a crew-member came into the room and said, "Excuse me ma'am, Commander Gonzalez would like to see you." 
Bethany looked up, "Thank you, you may go." Then as the man left the room, she went on, "At last! I wonder what sort of woman Commander is? Ah well. I'll soon find out." She turned from the window with a swish of her long skirts and walked away to Commander's office.

****************************************************************************************************
Commander's point of view


An officer told Commander over the comm-link, "Lieutenant Beck to see you Commander." 
Commander looked up, "Send her in." half expecting to see a girl like her First Officer. What she saw was, a well dressed girl, not yet in uniform. Long hair that was neatly brushed. All together, a much different girl from the First Officer. 
"You wished to see me Commander?" Bethany spoke quietly. 
"Yes I did Lieutenant. Welcome aboard. I hope you have settled in nicely, and are comfortable?" 
"Thank you Commander, I have settled in a little." 
"Very good. You are dismissed Lieutenant." Bethany curtsied and walked out.

**************************************************************************************************

Bethany walked out of the Commander's office, then as waves of homesickness swept over her, she fled down the hallways toward her cabin, sobbing as she went. Suddenly she bumped in someone. 
The someone caught hold of her as she turned away. "Hey! What’s the matter with you?" 
Bethany sobbed out, "Nothing! Let me go!" 
“Yes. Something is wrong. Who are you anyway?” 
Bethany looked surprised, “Why, I’m Lieutenant Beck. Who are you?!”  
The girl shrugged, “I’m First Officer Varya. Sooooo, what is the matter?” 
Bethany looked down, then up again, “I’m homesick. I wish my father had not made me come! This is the first time I have ever left home, and I hate it!”



(Did I portray you right Varya?)

Post #57:  Estheriscrazzy posted at Tuesday, August 13th, 2013, 09:24 AM:
No you didn't 

Post #58:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, August 13th, 2013, 10:35 AM:
((Er hem... Beth asked Varya... ))

I'll probably join in... School's started, though, so not so sure... 11th grade sure seems hard... Oh, I can't wait to graduate!

Post #59:  AstroNut posted at Tuesday, August 13th, 2013, 12:36 PM:
A sleek private shuttle glided over the hazy orange atmosphere of Titan, a moon of Jupiter. The pilot calmly maneuvered the vessel to it's  destination - the Orion Station - while it slowly filled the front viewport. The glittering structure yielded an exciting vista for the 18 -year-old seated in the plush passenger bench behind the pilot. She had been to this high-class facility many times before, but it was usually to take a tour or meet a friend on an arriving ship. It had never been to take her place on a departing ship as a senior crew member. 

Yes. She, Victoria Lillian Cochran, had been promoted to Lieutenant and  granted a commission on board the Outsider. 

Victoria had always had large - most said too large - aspirations for herself, but not in her wildest dreams had she hoped to achieve a military rank so high at the age of 18. And Victoria wanted desperately to show that she could perform her duty well, even in such a risky situation. 

Just 3 days before, a strange phenomenon, described as a "reddish cloud" had been sighted near the edge of the Veda star system. The tiny research vessel that reported it had drawn closer to investigate, and had been able to transmit a few readings of the anomaly before suddenly vanishing. 

Soon the Armada had begun preparations to send out it's newest (and fastest) ship, Outsider to investigate the anomaly and possibly find the missing crew. Currently, the impressive ship was docked at Orion, eagerly awaiting the arrival of it's crew members, before it could make it's maiden voyage to the Veda star system. 

Victoria was just as eager to get on board. She had never been in a position of such responsibility. After all, wasn't the Armada counting on her to correctly evaluate the possible threat from a scientific viewpoint? 

Well, her and the other officers. And Commander Gonzalez, of course. 

Her newly-shined boots tapped the carpeting with anticipation as the shuttle pulled into a dock at the station. 

"Thank you, Jonas." Victoria said to the shuttle pilot,  the gray-haired family driver who had been with the Cochran's since she was little. "I suppose I won't be seeing you for a while...say goodbye to my parents for me, will you?" He just smiled and winked as he handed her her luggage. 

As soon as Victoria exited the shuttle a pudgy man with hideous glasses approached her. He introduced himself as one of the ship aides and led her through the busy crowds to the Outsider's departure gate. After a quick rundown of the ship geography, the man led her to her quarters and stopped just outside the open door. He waved a hand listlessly at the folded uniform placed at the edge of the bed. A navy blue jumpsuit with the green Lieutenant's insignia pinned to the collar. 

"Commander Gonzalez has already met with the other officers," the man sniffed before leaving "But there is a mission briefing at ten hundred hours. We are expected to arrive at the Veda system at thirteen hundred hours. Welcome aboard Lieutenant Cochran." 

Victoria thanked him, but couldn't help feeling resentment to the man when she heard him murmur as he was rounding the corner, "Putting a bunch of teenagers in the bridge crew...  What are they thinking..."

Post #60:  Varyafírimar posted at Tuesday, August 13th, 2013, 02:21 PM:
(Well, Beth...you did a fairly good job with Varya but...it doesn't quite make sense. You should separate what each person is saying and not have it run altogether. Check out Allen and Victoria's posts and you'll see what I mean.)

Post #61:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, August 13th, 2013, 04:15 PM:
Last call for Station Red! All those boarding from Zeranor, please exit here. Last call for Station Red!

A young man stood in the middle of a huddled crowd, shuffling slowly towards the platform. He sighed and checked his watch (unhelpfully still on the time of his home planet), and pushed by a rather large pair of puffy turquoise businessmen. They eyed him suspiciously, but paid him no more mind.
On the whole he was not that noticable, at least, as far as this docking station was concerned. He was extremely tall, and thin to near emaciation: he looked more like a scarecrow than a man. His features were very well defined, and he had relatively high cheekbones. His face was innocent and open, with wide, bright, black eyes which were sheilded by a pair of large rectangular glasses. His hair, which was chocolaty brown, stuck out in every direction, as if he had been electrocuted.
His clothes were not exactly normal, either. He wore a leather (or what looked like leather) jacket, laced with buckles around the middle and arms. There was also a large buckle around the neck of the jacket, which was unfastened, and seemed to be made of some sort of flexible metal. His shoes were strange too; they would have been dress shoes, had they not also had a pair of buckles going around the tops.
All he had with him was a pillowcase (with the bare pillow strapped to the outside), and a strange looking metal box, covered with knobs and switches and little flashing lights (which were currently not flashing). It looked like a radio.

He moved along, trying to get to the platform. Someone bumped into him.

"Hey, Sparky, what are you lagging around here for?"

He turned, and saw a girl standing at his shoulder, a devious grin plastered across her face. Her short, wild, silvery-white hair framed the blazing green eyes, making her look even madder than before.

The corners of the man's lips twitched, but he made no reply. The girl sighed and shrugged.

"Whatever. Just ignore me, John! What am I anyway?"

John frowned. "I didn't say anything."

The girl snorted loudly, making some of the other passangers turn to stare in surprise.

"That's just what I'm saying." She snickered, as they made their way onto the platform. The voice came again over the intercom, and John looked around nervously.

Last call for station Red! The Outsider will be departing shortly.

John turned around, about to say something to the girl, but she had already plunged forward.

"Gen!"

She cast a coy glance backward, rolling her silver eyes sassily.

"Come on, Ensign Turner. We don't have all day!"

*        *        *

The man looked dubiously at them over his spectacles.

"You're the two from the outer galaxy?"

John nodded, while Gen picked idly at her coat. The man handed them each a ticket. "You will head down this passageway. Speak with the first person you meet, they will tell you where you are supposed to go."

John nodded again. "Thank you." Gen just smiled noncommittally. As John took his ticket from the man, a current of electricity lanced out from his fingers, connecting with those of the man. The officer winced, shaking his hand out and glaring daggers at the Zeranorian. John muttered a hasty apology, then ducked out of the way. Gen followed him more slowly, smirking at the officer. He watched them go, then turned away, sorting his papers huffily.

"Freaks."


*        *        *

Gen was leading again. John looked around with interest. The corridor was quite like many others he had been in, leading out to the docked ship.

The Outsider.

A military class vessel, they were bound for the outer regions in search of a missing crew. No one knew what had happened to it; all communications had just ended, and every sign that the ship had existed had vanished. It was no wonder, John thought pensively, that the Armada was sending out one of its newest and finest vessels in search of the missing ship.
Things like this were bound to make people edgy.

"Hey! You look like a fine soldier! You gonna tell us where we have to go?"

John sped up, rounding the corner to find that Gen had pinned a young officer against the wall. The girl looked highly uncomfortable, so John made an attempt to pry Gen away. In the end, it was Gen who decided to move back.

"Sorry to bother you." John started, gripping his companion by the arm. "We're just looking for directions. What's your name?"

Although she still looked uneasy, the girl opened up.
"Victoria. I'm Lieutenant Victoria."

Post #62:  AstroNut posted at Friday, August 16th, 2013, 10:32 AM:
(Just so you know, I've started a post. I'm not ignoring you )

Post #63:  AstroNut posted at Saturday, August 17th, 2013, 10:50 AM:
"Sorry to bother you. We're just looking for directions. What's your name?" the young man - who was clearly quite used to his friend's escapades - asked. 

Victoria swallowed and readjusted her rumpled uniform. "Victoria. I'm Lieutenant Victoria." At the last second she purposely left out her last name. Better if they didn't know who her family was. 

She eyed the girl again. "And you are?"

The young man set down the objects he was carrying and reached out with his spare hand to shake. "Ensign John Turner." He motioned toward the girl, who was trying to pry his fingers off her arm. "And this is... Gen." Gen looked up and smiled abruptly before turning her attention back to John's fingers. "We just got on." 

Victoria frowned at Gen and shook John's hand. "I assume you want find your quarters first then, yes?" she queried.

"Yes, that'd be helpful." 

"Well..." Victoria looked up and down the hallway. "What's your number?"

"What"?

"The number of your quarters? You know, mine is D1 93...?" 

John shrugged. 

Victoria groaned and ran a finger through the loose part of her hair. Then she remember she was a senior officer and had access to ship records. 

"Tell you what.  I was just on my way to the bridge. You can come with me and I'll look on the crew manifest for you. It'll say which rooms you're assigned to."

Post #64:  Varyafírimar posted at Saturday, August 17th, 2013, 09:56 PM:
(Same here, Beth! I'll write something soon with Bethany and Varya, 'kay?)

Post #65:  PINKPANSIES posted at Sunday, August 18th, 2013, 06:50 AM:
(Okay!)

Post #66:  Titus2teen posted at Sunday, August 18th, 2013, 07:47 AM:
(It's not that long, but it's something)

That crazy girl had actually turned her back on Kkeut, which is usually the last mistake anyone ever makes with him. He saw the knife flying towards her head, and was about to move it so it just cut a strand of hair when it suddenly veered off to the left and into her hand. Kkeut stared wide-eyed. He knew that trick, it was a Psi-trick, as a matter of fact, he had used it himself. She looked back and winked as the doors closed. This girl was getting a little more interesting, he'd have to keep an eye on her.

Kkeut finished exploring, and satisfied, decided to see who he wouldn't be taking orders from. Kkeut grinned, he wasn't very good at following orders most of the time.

When the leader of the ship finally opened up the door, she looked relieved. "Kkeut! I am so sorry about the First Officer, my apologies."

"Don't worry about it." Kkeut was a little relieved, because it was someone he had met before on a previous mission. Well, met wasn't the word quite, more like passed each other and gave a greeting, but that was enough for him to read her mind and figure out who she was.

Kkeut exchanged some talk with her, then politely left, intending to go to his already planned out hidden perch above the docking bay. Either that one or the one above the training room, he did enjoy spying on sparring matches. Maybe that girl would appear again... Kkeut checked himself, as he already had visions of him whacking her in the head...

Post #67:  Imogen posted at Sunday, August 18th, 2013, 10:02 PM:
"Tell you what. I was just on my way to the bridge. You can come with me and I'll look on the crew manifest for you. It'll say which rooms you're assigned to."

John smiled and begun to say something in affirmation, when Gen (who had finally pried John's fingers off of her arm) shoved him to one side and in so doing sent him flying into the far wall.

"GREAT! I'm a Lieutenant too, y'know!" She grasped Victoria's hand and shook it vigorously. "Can I call you Vicki? GREAT! I'm Gen, but John already told you that. His last name is Turner. I don't have a last name! Whats yours? Maybe you don't want to say though.... Oh well! We're from the shiniest planet in the universe, at least I think it is! We're all electrical, which means that I could shock you right now if I--"

John's hand gripped her shoulder heavily as he pulled himself up from the ground. "Gen. Why don't you stop and let Victoria lead us to the bridge, hmm?" He winced, rubbing his aching shoulder. Gen's eyes widened as she looked at him, then at Victoria, then back at him.

"But--!"

Victoria cleared her throat rather loudly.

Post #68:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, August 21st, 2013, 01:06 PM:
((Hope you don't mind, but Link decided he liked the Kamino Brigade too much to keep it apart, so he wants the group back together asap! ))

Last call for Station Red! The Outsider will be departing shortly!

"Ahh! I need to hurry!" cried Lee. She pushed through the crowd towards the ship. Behind her she lugged her clothes and other items in a bag. "Sorry, sorry...!" she huffed, as she bumped into person after person.

"Hey, miss, need some help?" said a familiar voice close to her ear. Lee jumped in surprise, looking up. Her cousin Link grinned at her. "Come on, Lee! This-a-way!" He grabbed her hand and pulled her to safety on the ship.

Lee stopped to collect herself. There had been so many people! And some of them weren't even really... people. "Were there... aliens out there?!" she asked Link. He winked at her. "Welcome to the galaxy! Yep, there sure were! And there are some on the crew, too! Don't worry, they won't suck out your brains or anything!" Lee frowned at his joke, while Link chuckled.

"Anyways..." Link hugged his cousin. "I'm really glad you made it! You're gonna have a great time here, trust me! Everybody on the crew is great!" He hummed, then added, "Well, uh, most everybody. I hear the Second-in-Command is a bit odd... Then there's this guy, I think his name is Kkeut... You might wanna avoid him, he seems like a bit of a grouch." Link shrugged and patted Lee on the head. "Don't worry about it too much. I'll be your faithful bodyguard!"

Lee smiled. She had forgotten how much Link could talk, and how energetic he was. This life would certainly be different, but at least she had a friend already.

"Hey, I'll introduce you to some of the crew!" Link decided, grabbing Lee's hand again and pulling her along. Lee let out a little laugh. She'd rather just find her room and rest, but she knew there was no persuading Link out of something once he set his mind to it.

"Heeeyyy, Victoria!" Link called, waving his hand wildly. The girl looked up. She was with two other people. Oh... Are they... aliens? Lee wondered, looking at Gen and John. They were so... tall and thin. The girl alien's eyes kind of creeped Lee out.

"Hey, Lieutenant!" Link said, saluting her with a grin. "Newbies?" he asked, pointing to Gen and John. "I just happen to have my own newbie. This is my cousin, Lee Sylvir!" Link pushed her forward.

Lee flushed and stammered, "Um, hi, it's nice to meet you...!" She was stuck between the urge to stare at the aliens, or look at her feet.

Post #69:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, August 21st, 2013, 03:48 PM:
"Hey, Lieutenant!"

John saw Victoria look up, and he turned, following her gaze. Two people--potentially his fellow crew members, were striding towards them. The man looked confident, and already had on his uniform, which looked slightly worn. John guessed that he wasn't new to this ship. His companion, the girl, looked just as dazed and confused as John felt, himself. He saw her gaze come to rest on him and Gen, and her eyes widened.
John was on the cusp of sending her a telepathic message, telling her not to worry, when he remembered: they weren't on Zeranor anymore; people didn't communicate that way. Not usually, anyway.

Gen's eyes gleamed as she turned her attention away from Victoria, and onto the newcomers. Thankfully, she remained silent.

"Newbies?" Link asked, pointing to Gen and John. "I just happen to have my own newbie. This is my cousin, Lee Sylvir!"

John turned his gaze on Lee again. She looked nervous--her eyes kept flickering in their general direction.

"Um, hi, it's nice to meet you...!"

John smiled and stepped forward, extending his hand. "Hello, Lee. Its a pleasure to meet you too. I am John Turner." He saw a flash of movement in the corner of his eye, and instinctively reached out, grabbing a handful of Gen's coat.

"I'm Gen!" She choked out, hands clasping at the collar of her coat, and shooting John a poisonous glare.

John frowned at her, then looked at Lee. He smirked and rolled his eyes with a good-natured sigh.

Post #70:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, August 21st, 2013, 04:24 PM:
((Um, hey, I do need to know what Lee and Link's ranks would be, if anyone knows~ Ty~))

One of the aliens, the guy, smiled and stepped forward, extending his hand. "Hello, Lee. It's a pleasure to meet you too. I am John Turner." Just as he finished, the other alien seemed to move forward; John reached out, grabbing a handful of his companion's coat.

"I'm Gen!" She choked out, hands clasping at the collar of her coat, and shooting John a poisonous glare. John frowned at her, then looked at Lee. He smirked and rolled his eyes with a good-natured sigh.

Lee tentatively took John's hand and shook it. There was a slight shock, like static electricity. She was still nervous about the aliens, but their behavior reassured her some. They seem to act a lot like normal humans... Suddenly she realized that, to them, she was an alien. It made her smile a little. They might be just as nervous as I am!

"Well, welcome to the Outsider, John and Gen!" Link said, spreading his arms wide. He peered at the two aliens for a moment, then asked, "Hummm, you guys are... Zeranorians, right?" Link had seen many aliens on his galactic journeys, and he tried to keep track of them all. Of course, he didn't really need to ask or guess... Identifying species... Identification complete. Species: Zeranorian, of the planet Zeranor.

Link turned his attention to Victoria. "Hey, did you hear about the new First Officer? I think I got a glimpse of her earlier... I feel sorry for Commander!" He chatted on about the ship's going-ons.

Poor Lee had been left to fill in the silence between her and the Zeranorians. She flushed again. "Are you two... on the crew...?"

Post #71:  Varyafírimar posted at Wednesday, August 21st, 2013, 10:13 PM:
Varya rubbed her head as she watched the brown-haired human girl sob.
Personally she would suggest running away and joining the army but oh wait that's what she's crying about!

Reaching over, Varya rubs her shoulder "You could always go AWOL and join the galactic circus."

The girl looked up at her with a gasp "Are you mad? I can't do that!"

Varya resisted the urge to roll her eyes and instead said "Well, why don't you go talk to Lieutenant Cochran? I'm pretty sure that she's in the same situation as you. I'll take you to her."

The brown-haired human nodded at her and Varya started off, the angsty girl trailing along behind.

~~~~~

Unbeknownst to Varya, she had an unwelcome visitor in her quarters.
It's name was Kkuet.
Oh boy. Did he have a death wish?!
We'll get back to that later.
Kkuet had found that Varya hadn't locked her door. She hadn't even inputted a passcode yet!

"The fool!" He thought, snorting.

He looked around her room. Obviously she hadn't unpack yet. Only her uniform, a pile of CDs, a few books ("Books? Didn't people read datapads now? Who read books anymore?' He thought) and sitting on her desk, face down, was a...photograph.

"Maybe this will shed some light on her." Kkuet thought as he carefully picked up the worn photo and turned around.

He jerked back in surprise at what he saw.
There was Varya with two other people. She was a lot younger, her hair hung at her earlobes and she only had the tiny dagger earring with the blood-red jewel dangling from the tip in her left ear. She didn't have the silvered dragon curling up and around in her right.
On her right was a girl a few inches taller with pink hair cropped at the shoulder, ice blue eyes and wearing the dark clothes typical of a thief.
On her left stood a giant of a man, purple-blue runes decorating his shaven forehead and bright draconian eyes like Varya's. Instead of the unsettling reflective silver of hers, though, this man's eyes were a feral golden colour.
Kkuet looked at the back to see if anything was written there.
There was.
In an  archaic-looking script were the words "Varya and her siblings, though only on their father's side."
Who was this girl?

~~~~~

Varya arrived in time to hear someone say "Hey, did you hear about the new First Officer? I think I got a glimpse of her earlier... I feel sorry for Commander!"

Her eyes narrowed and a slight growl rose in her throat.
Really? Even here with different races she still got singled out and ridiculed? Really?
She decided she didn't want to talk with those...people just yet.

Stopping, she turned around and pointed behind her "The redhead is Lieutenant Cochran, go and talk with her."

Varya stalked towards her bedroom to unpack some more of her belongings, still growing underneath her breath about 'Barbaric Keyhole Heathens'.
Didn't she get a surprise when she opened her door and saw Kkuet touching her stuff.
Kkuet better have written a will.

Post #72:  PINKPANSIES posted at Thursday, August 22nd, 2013, 05:57 AM:
Bethany followed the First Officer through the ship.
She thought, "She is so odd. But she is kind." 
Just then, they reached the group of people standing in the hall. 
Varya turned abruptly, pointed to one of the girls, said, "The redhead is Lieutenant Cochran, go and talk with her." And walked away.

Bethany shrank back against the wall on finding that everyone turned and looked at her.
Then one of the men, the one that looked a bit like a scarecrow, stepped forward and held out his hand. "Hello, I'm John Turner. What is your name?"

Bethany, very shyly, shook hands, "I'm Lieutenant Beck. Which one of you is Lieutenant Cochran?"
Then one of the girls stepped forward. "I am Lieutenant Victoria. What is it you want?"

Bethany looked at the others grouped around, then taking Victoria's arm, she pulled her a couple of meters away and said, "First Officer Varya told me to come and talk to you. I'm not sure why. I am a bit homesick, and she said that she was sure that you are or were in the same situation as me."

Post #73:  Autumn Lee posted at Thursday, August 22nd, 2013, 09:33 AM:
Link had just finished his comment about the Second-in-Command, when, speak of the devil, she walked up. Personally, Link had nothing against aliens. He thought they were way cool. But Commander Gonzalez was a bit more... conservative, so First Officer Varya Hex's appearance would be a bit unsettling to her.

Ooops... Link flinched, seeing Varya's abrupt turn. Uhh, I'll make it up to her later! Hopefully she won't get me... He'd heard that she had mood swings. Well, that was typical of females...

Another girl walked up, a Lieutenant Beck. She pulled Victoria to the side. Link's computer updated him: Identifying... Identified: Lieutenant Bethany Beck. 6th daughter of a rich family called Beck. Link hummed. She sounded kinda like Victoria - both rich kids.

Meanwhile, Lee had gotten a glimpse of Varya. It left her mouth open. Wow... I didn't know people could really look like that... I guess I have a lot to learn, huh?

Now that Lieutenant Victoria was occupied, it was just Lee, Link, and the two Zeranorians. Lee felt a bit... nervous around Gen, who was eyeing them like they were prey. Lee cleared her throat. "Um, Link... Could you show us our rooms, maybe?"

"Ma'am, yes, ma'am!" Link said, saluting Lee. He continued down to the bridge to check out the list with people's room numbers. Then he realized he could've just checked his computer... But, oh, well.

Post #74:  Titus2teen posted at Thursday, August 22nd, 2013, 11:24 AM:
Kkeut thought it better to investigate Varya, he wanted to know exactly what he was up against. But upon further inspection, he was all the more confused, this wasn't giving him any clues. After breaking in, searching a little, he'd gotten nowhere. A picture caught his eye, and Kkeut picked it up, looking intently. Kkeut thought he recognized the man in the picture, but he couldn't have, he'd never seen him... well, he could have seen anyone before, and not have known it.

As Kkeut was staring at the picture in his hands, the door opened. He looked up in surprise to see Varya staring at him in surprise, which quickly turned to anger. That's how to make her mad... Kkeut noted. he'd make sure to keep this information, it may be useful later.

"You really should get a good code for your lock. Base it off the anomaly lock system, it gives you maximum security." Kkeut said matter of factly, setting the picture down. Of course he could still break the lock then, but that's what he does. "Or, any a code at all would better than none. Breaking in was too easy."

"HOW DARE YOU!!" Varya jumped at Kkeut, arms aimed at Kkeut's throat.

Hmmm... this may have backfired. Ran through Kkeut's head as he hit the ground, struggling against Varya, who looked like she'd bring him back to life just kill him again.

Kkeut decided it would be best to get out, avoiding further confrontation. Kkeut kipped up while holding Varya's wrists, turning them behind her and pulling them across and pulling tight.

Kkeut quickly let go, feeling a knife blade inching up between his hands. Did she have these things in her sleeves? Varya turned around, twirling knives in each hand, a murderous look on her face. "GET OUT."

Time seemed to slow down as the knives flew at Kkeut, he caught each one while flipping backwards, twirling them around and sending them back as he landed, aiming above Varya's ears. The knives veered out of the way towards Varya's hands again, as she readied for another pass. Now! thought Kkeut, seeing that she was catching the knives.

Kkeut palm struck the air, a sound like a micro sonic boom emitted, the the air warping and bending as a pulse of unseen force slammed into Varya, sending her and her belongings backwards into the wall.

"We should do this again, maybe next time you can break into my place." Kkeut gave with a grin before running off down the hall. That was close, and now he'd revealed himself to Varya. Drat! He thought, This isn't going anywhere near as smooth as I wanted it to. But he did know that even if Varya did break in his room, he didn't keep any personal belongings, except for the one around his neck, which he never took off, and his jacket. He didn't get why you'd keep pictures, they just reminded you of people in the past, which were often best to forget. Besides, he never forgot a face, especially people he'd gotten rid of.

Varya pushed the books and boxes of her, looking to the open doorway. She still had her knives in hand, but didn't initiate the chase. She stood, taking deep breaths, thinking. How could that awkward assassin boy have Psi powers? He was obviously good at hiding things, and knew his way around, in stealth and in combat, that much she gathered. But Psi powers too? That didn't make sense...

Varya bent down and picked up the photo she'd found Kkeut holding. She sighed, this definitely wasn't what she was hoping for.

Post #75:  Willow Skyrider posted at Thursday, August 22nd, 2013, 03:00 PM:
(So, Abigail didn't completely abandon us, but her Wi-Fi is being intermittent and she said that hopefully she won't be away for much longer. She sends her regards and said something about minding the First Officer and the Lieutenant. I take that to mean we can't T.P. the ship.

*Waits for the Bridge-scene to introduce Mr. Computer.*)

Post #76:  AstroNut posted at Friday, August 23rd, 2013, 02:36 PM:
(Aww, seriously? But I ordered 20,000 crates of special intergalactic neon-colored space T.P.!)
*Will write the bridge scene soon-ish, just as soon as I figure out what to tell poor homesick Lieutenant Beck...*

Post #77:  PINKPANSIES posted at Saturday, August 24th, 2013, 06:41 AM:
(Which Lieutenant?)

Post #78:  Imogen posted at Monday, August 26th, 2013, 03:28 PM:
Gen jumped at the girl's--Beck her name was--sudden entrence. She watched in a kind of trance as John stepped forward and offered salutations. Her eyes narrowed, but she said nothing. Wordlessly she turned away to stare at Lee again.

John saw this from the corner of his eye as he stepped away from the homesick girl. He frowned, and walked over to Gen, plucking at her sleeve.

"Gen." He whispered softly. She turned to look at him, and for a moment her eyes were hollow. Then she blinked, and the fire returned.

"Who are you staring at?!" She looked again at Lee, before striding over and bending down to stare meticulously at the human. "She's so... short. And heavily boned! How do you move around?" She came around to face Lee head-on, her neon eyes wide and glowing.
"CAN. YOU. UNDERSTAND. THE. WORDS. COMING. FROM. MY. MOUTH?!"

John grasped desperately at her coat collar, dragging her back. "Gen, I think she can understand you JUST FINE."

In one fluid motion Gen whipped around, throwing John off. She placed her hands on his chest, and bared her teeth. "Stop grabbing me!"
There was a rush of light and the Zeranorian jolted backwards, his eyes widening. He staggered a bit, his breath catching. Gen shot him a glare, then moved off to scrutinize Beck.

John blinked a few times, unsure whether what had just happened had actually just happened. He wiped his mouth and glared at her back. His head still fuzzy from the electrical charge, he turned to Lee, rolling his eyes.

"Sorry about her. She's a bit... uncontrollable. I hope she didn't hurt you?"

*        *        *

Gen was furious. Why did John have to keep poking his nose in where it didn't belong?! She couldn't fathom it. She had finished poking and prodding Lieutenant Beck, while completely ignoring "Vicki", and had decided that now would be a good time to hunt down that most interesting looking person who had escorted the homesick Lieutenant there.

She looked like she might be the only person ready to have some good, old-fashoned fun on this hunk of trash.

Post #79:  Fox813 posted at Monday, August 26th, 2013, 03:43 PM:
(Fox is in a storage unit, waiting to be discovered! 
 Ahem, my plan for getting on this ship was so I wouldn't get discovered!
Yep, he's waiting!)

Post #80:  Imogen posted at Monday, August 26th, 2013, 06:35 PM:
((Oh dear, I just realized that I never added my character's ranks!!! *rushes off to do so*))

Post #81:  Autumn Lee posted at Monday, August 26th, 2013, 06:40 PM:
((Erhem, I thank you, Imogen, for providing so much text I can cop-- I mean, borrow for my post 
Don't worry, Imogen! Buh, I still need to know what mine would be???))

Lee shifted nervously. Gen kept staring at her. She tried not to stare back, but instead looked past Gen to try to see Link.

"Who are you staring at?!" Gen accused, looking again at Lee, before striding over and bending down to stare meticulously at the human. "She's so... short. And heavily boned! How do you move around?" She came around to face Lee head-on, her neon eyes wide and glowing.
"CAN. YOU. UNDERSTAND. THE. WORDS. COMING. FROM. MY. MOUTH?!"

Lee... really wasn't sure how to respond. She stammered a "S-sorry, I didn't mean to stare...!". Her face heated up. That 'heavily boned' comment offended her slightly - she was far from fat! She felt really uncomfortable without Link.

John grasped desperately at her coat collar, dragging her back. "Gen, I think she can understand you JUST FINE." In one fluid motion Gen whipped around, throwing John off. She placed her hands on his chest, and bared her teeth. "Stop grabbing me!"
There was a rush of light and the Zeranorian jolted backwards, his eyes widening. He staggered a bit, his breath catching. Gen shot him a glare, then moved off to scrutinize Beck.

John blinked a few times, wiped his mouth and glared back at Gen. He turned to Lee, rolling his eyes. "Sorry about her. She's a bit... uncontrollable. I hope she didn't hurt you?"

Lee shook her head forcefully. "N-no, I'm fine..." She tried to move away from uncomfortable subjects and uncomfortable silence. "Link said you were... Zeranorians...? I've never heard of your kind before." Lee gave a small laugh. "Well, actually, I honestly don't know much about anything other than humans. Before today, I'd never seen an alien."

----------------------------

Link leaned against a wall, crossing his arms, tapping his foot, and humming. Sending message to Anti-Cure... Connecting to system... Connected.

Link gave a small grin. Doing things from his head was so simple and fun. Message to: Anti-Cure. From: Link. Message: Hey, could you send me the room assignments for Lee Sylvir, John Turner, and Gen. Just Gen. Arigato, danke, gracias, and thanks!

Post #82:  Imogen posted at Monday, August 26th, 2013, 06:43 PM:
((Heh! No worries!!!
*shifty eyes* did not just realize that I desperately wanted the pilot position for John, and sneakily slip it in without asking anyone...))

Lee shook her head forcefully. "N-no, I'm fine..." She tried to move away from uncomfortable subjects and uncomfortable silence. "Link said you were... Zeranorians...? I've never heard of your kind before." Lee gave a small laugh. "Well, actually, I honestly don't know much about anything other than humans. Before today, I'd never seen an alien."

John rubbed the back of his head, grinning sheepishly. "Yeah, well, we're not very social. Kind of an introverted society really." He smiled at her. "We like to keep to ourselves most times--partly cause we're not so big in the muscle area..." He cast a quick glance at his own emaciated arm. "Actually, I've found I get along better with humans than with my own kind." He looked from Lee, to where Gen had disappeared.

He grinned again at her. "I hope the fact that I'm so... odd... doesn't bother you? I'd hate to impose and disquiet somebody." He paused, then seemed to remember something. "I'm the pilot, by the way, so I'd probably better be getting to the bridge. Care to join me?"

***

Gen crept down the stairs, using her slowest, quietest sneaking skills. Where had that girl gone? She frowned. It would be no fun with John hanging around all the time, but with him being the pilot, he wouldn't be able to keep an eye on her every second!
Some time had to be saved for fun!

She crept through the crowded cargo bay, packed with junk and baggage. Where was everybody. Gen was beginning to suspect that she had taken a wrong turn somewhere. She was about to turn around and head back, when she tripped over something and fell flat on her face.

"GAH!!!"

A burst of electricity flew from her fingers, incinerating someone's bags. John's never going to let me hear the end of this....

Turning to see what had tripped her, she saw a single foot sticking out from behind a large barrel of unidentifiable liquid. Curious, she crawled forward, and came face to face with a young man.

"Oh, hello! I guess this is where the fun begins!"

Post #83:  Willow Skyrider posted at Monday, August 26th, 2013, 10:34 PM:
Link leaned against a wall, crossing his arms, tapping his foot, and humming. Sending message to Anti-Cure... Connecting to system... Connected.

Link gave a small grin. Doing things from his head was so simple and fun. Message to: Anti-Cure. From: Link. Message: Hey, could you send me the room assignments for Lee Sylvir, John Turner, and Gen.
Just Gen.

Arigato, Danke, Gracias, and Thanks!

An alarm sounded within The Outsider's Systems-Infrastructure and the programmed warning system shocked AntiCure to activity.

Warning:
Intruder Alert.

"Silence!" AntiCure shouted inside his technological prison.
The alarm silenced itself, and AntiCure asked the Computer, "What is the intrusion?"
 Classification: Illegal Access to Mainframe.
"Who accessed what from where?"
 Answer: Unknown presence, Corridor 12B, Dormitory-Block: 3. Message decoded.
"Replay."
"Message: "Hey, could you send me the room assignments for Lee Sylvir, John Turner, and Gen. Just Gen. Arigato, Danke, Gracias, and Thanks!"

It seems harmless enough...
"Advance securities, upgrade pass-locks, and relay reply thus;
Room Assignments for crew available through Lieutenant Victoria upon her scheduled visit to Bridge, information otherwise sealed. Commander's orders for preservation of the crew."

Acknowledged.

Post #84:  Fox813 posted at Tuesday, August 27th, 2013, 08:18 AM:
Did... did Fox just trip Gen? 
What did i just do?!?

Fox looked some wierdo he had accidentally tripped. "Excuse me ma'am who, scratch that, what are you? Oh, and you didn't see me right?"
The weird lady glared at him but didn't answer his questions. It looked like she was planning how to play with him. Play with him like a cat plays with a mouse. "Okay then.... I'm going to leave now.... Haha..." Fox was about to leave when he realized she was blocking his only exit. "Excuse me ma'am..." She didn't look like she was going to move anytime soon.

***********************

Tray peeked around the corner. His target hadn't seen him yet. Taking a deep breath he charged. "LIIIIIINNNNNNNKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Link grinned as Tray tackle hugged him.

Post #85:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, August 27th, 2013, 08:49 AM:
"LIIIIIINNNNNNNKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!" Link glanced up as Tray tackled him. "Ahhh!! Okay, okay! You got me!" Link shoved Tray off of him. "It seems I have trained you well, my apprentice." He grinned at Tray.

Message received from AntiCure: Room Assignments for crew available through Lieutenant Victoria upon her scheduled visit to Bridge, information otherwise sealed. Commander's orders for preservation of the crew. Link snorted. Ahh, what was the point of having an awesome computer in the ship, if no one could use it?

Tray looked up anxiously at Link. "Is something wrong?" Link frowned. "Yes, something is very wrong..." Then Link gave a huge grin and tackled Tray, wrestling him to the ground. "There! Now nothing's wrong!"

After wrestling like two little kids, which received some stares from crew members passing by, Link and Tray finally stood up. "Hey, Tray! I've got some new crew members I want you to meet! Come this way!" Tray eagerly followed.

----------------------------------

John rubbed the back of his head, grinning sheepishly. "Yeah, well, we're not very social. Kind of an introverted society really." He smiled at her. "We like to keep to ourselves most times--partly cause we're not so big in the muscle area..." He cast a quick glance at his own emaciated arm. "Actually, I've found I get along better with humans than with my own kind." He looked from Lee, to where Gen had disappeared.

Lee wondered what kind of relationship Gen and John had. They didn't really seem to like each other that much, but at the same time they acted almost like siblings. All Lee knew was, she liked John much more - he was much nicer.

He grinned again at her. "I hope the fact that I'm so... odd... doesn't bother you? I'd hate to impose and disquiet somebody."

"No, not at all!" Lee rushed to say. I won't discriminate just because he looks different. Imagine how I'd feel if someone treated me that way... Oh, right... Gen did that... Lee gave a small smile.

John paused, then seemed to remember something. "I'm the pilot, by the way, so I'd probably better be getting to the bridge. Care to join me?"

Fortunately, at that moment Link came to the rescue. "Lee!!! I want ya to meet somebody!" A boy about Link's age walked up. Lee about giggled out loud. He looked like he was trying to be a clone of Link. "Lee, this is Tray Smitherson. Tray, this is my cousin, Lee Sylvir!"

Tray reverently shook Lee's hand. If she was related to Link, then she must have the same noble and amazing blood that flowed through Link's veins. "It is truly an honor to meet you!" he said, bowing.

"Tray, this is John Turner over here. He's a Zeranorian!" Link said, dragging Tray away from Lee.

Post #86:  Fox813 posted at Tuesday, August 27th, 2013, 12:08 PM:
Tray stuck out his hand for John to shake. "Whats up mate?" Tray had only seen a Zeranorian once before. They were weird, yet at the same time cool. 
Scanning... Scanning... John Turner: Pilot of the Outsider. Other facts are classified or unknown.
Tray's computer was lame compared to Link's. It was, like, two years old or something. Ancient! Remember to ask Link to update it later. 
Tray realized John was saying something to him. "......have to get to the bridge." He smiled. "Nice to meet you guys." As he started to leave Tray turned back to Lee. "May I call you Princess Lee?" Tray said as he bowed again.

Post #87:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, August 27th, 2013, 02:51 PM:
John looked up in surprise at the interruption. It seemed that a mini-Link had arrived on the scene. John blinked several times, confused by the similarities between the two people.

"Tray, this is John Turner over here. He's a Zeranorian!"

"Whats up mate?"

Although he was still a little confused, John shook Tray's hand warmly. "Charmed!" He looks human, too. So many humans on this ship! He was turning to make a comment to Lee, when he suddenly remembered where he had to be. Oh my! I'd better not be late for my very first piloting shift! I don't know if the captain would ever forgive me. He frowned. A captain with whom I am not yet acquainted. Seems a little odd.

He turned to the others and smiled. "I need to head to the bridge. First piloting shift, and debriefing. Plus I want to get to know the old girl a little better." He patted the wall affectionately, then waved. "Nice to meet you guys! I'll see you all at dinner!"

John turned down the corridor, picking up the pace as he passed by a room further along, which was emitting loud noises of extreme exasperation. He managed to catch the name on the door before bounding away.

Varya Hex.

_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _

The doors to the bridge slid open with a beautiful fluidity, revealing a room of shining precision and technological glory. The seats were all leather-lined, the control panels shone with an almost radiant glow. His eyes slowly moved around the room, drinking it all in. Navagation, Weapons, Communications, Internal Management, Engineering. The First Officer and Captain's chairs.

And finally, his own station.

He walked briskly forward, everyone else existing as if in a dream. Slowly he sat down, sliding his hands over the control panel, the leavers and switches, and the warp thrust control. It was perfect, all of it.
He breathed a sigh of contentment and sat back in his seat, staring up at the wide view screen--a portrait of deep space, and all that lay beyond: nebulae, star systems, galaxies, anomalies--all waiting to be discovered.

He smiled and looked back at the controls. All at the tips of his fingers.

***

Gen stared at Fox as if she couldn't believe that he actually existed. He kept speaking, but she ignored him. It would be more fun if her were afraid of her by the end of it. A wicked smile crossed her lips, and she sat down in the exit.

"So. What are you doing here, fun stuff?"

Post #88:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, August 27th, 2013, 05:46 PM:
((Haha, I think it's interesting how Gen seems to regard everybody else as 'lower lifeforms'. At least, that's how it seems ))

John headed off to the control room, leaving Link, Tray, and Lee behind. Tray turned back to Lee. "May I call you Princess Lee?" Tray said as he bowed again. That made Lee blush and Link laugh out loud. Tray protested with a confused "Whaaat?" Link proceeded to tease Tray, accusing him of falling in love with Lee at first sight, which made Tray blush and Lee blush even more, and made Link laugh even more.

((And, there this group will pause, and wait for Victoria 
Question: How many characters are we allowed? I want to bring in Sensa and Yukan - I'll edit them and stuff; but anyways...))

Post #89:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, August 27th, 2013, 05:57 PM:
((XDD Yeah, that is in fact the way Gen regards everyone!))

Post #90:  Fox813 posted at Tuesday, August 27th, 2013, 06:16 PM:
"Ma'am, I'm not obliged to tell you that." Fox wished this lady would just move already. He was starting to get annoyed. "Move. Now." The lady looked amused at his effort to get her to move. Fox sighed. Why are women so complicated?* He drew out a pistol. "Now if you would please be so kind as to move...." 


*I mean no disrespect.

Post #91:  AstroNut posted at Tuesday, August 27th, 2013, 09:36 PM:
(Not to worry, I have a post in my drafts. Won't take too long now. )

Post #92:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, August 28th, 2013, 06:49 PM:
((Awesome!!! ))

"Ma'am, I'm not obliged to tell you that. Move. Now."

Gen held back a giggle. Humans were so cute when they got angry. She tilted her head from one side to the other, trying to figure him out.
This seemed to tip him over the edge. Out came the pistol.

 "Now if you would please be so kind as to move...." 

Gen sighed, and rested her chin in her hands. "Aww, and I was just having fun too!"

Quick as a whip, her hand lashed out, snatching away the gun. A flash of electricity--a lightening bolt--lanced out over the weapon. There was a soft hissing noise, and it began to issue smoke. Almost gently, Gen handed it back, butt first.

"There. We'll have no more trouble, will we?"

Post #93:  Varyafírimar posted at Wednesday, August 28th, 2013, 09:03 PM:
(For the record, Gen scares me. It's like if Varya had too much caffeine and then stuck her finger in a light socket.)

Post #94:  AstroNut posted at Wednesday, August 28th, 2013, 09:06 PM:
(Yes, yes, she does... Why is she in the military again? :p)

Post #95:  Varyafírimar posted at Wednesday, August 28th, 2013, 09:07 PM:
(Who, Varya or Gen?)

Post #96:  AstroNut posted at Wednesday, August 28th, 2013, 09:09 PM:
(Gen. Varya is tough enough for the military. Gen doesn't sound weak, just... unfocused, more like. ((Not that I object to having Gen in the RP or nuttin'.))

Post #97:  Varyafírimar posted at Wednesday, August 28th, 2013, 09:15 PM:
(WOOOOO!!! Someone thinks Varya is tough! Now only to convince Kkuet...)

Post #98:  AstroNut posted at Thursday, August 29th, 2013, 11:35 AM:
"I'm Lieutenant Beck. First Officer Varya told me to come and talk to you. I'm not sure why. I am a bit homesick, and she said that she was sure that you are or were in the same situation as me." The young officer stared piteously at Victoria. Her eyes looked somewhat red from crying.

Before Victoria could think of what to say that might offer some comfort, a dim memory of a shy little girl at a dinner party rose to the surface of her mind. Yes, Victoria remembered a Bethany Beck, if only a little. She had gotten lost with Bethany and her five siblings in the endless hallways of some Admiral's cruiser while their parents were sipping champagne on the bridge. And meeting her again years later? Go figure. 

Victoria was about to smile and tell Lieutenant Beck this when she took a second look at her. The poor girl seemed terribly out of her comfort zone. Not even in uniform yet, she wore instead a long brown skirt that matched perfectly with a forest green blouse. Her coffee-colored waves were pulled elegantly away from her face with an old-fashioned gold pin. Overall, her appearance was much more that of a lady then a military officer.  The only part of her appearance that looked even vaguely military were her sleek leather boots. 

So what was she doing here? 

"Anything...?" Bethany inquired, sounding a bit desperate. 

"Oh, yes, sorry! I just..." Victoria trailed off, still wondering what to say. The fact was, she wasn't homesick. Admittedly, she did feel a slight twinge when she thought of the old house looking over the San Francisco bay that she grew up in. But her years alone at the military academy had clipped her umbilical cord long ago. Even when she started there she never had much trouble. 

"Listen, I'm sure I can help," She bluffed "But at the moment I have to see to something. Maybe tonight we can talk in the mess hall? 18:00 hours, yes?" 

Victoria turned quickly away from the obviously disappointed and confused Lieutenant and jogged to where she had left Gen and John. As she walked, her frustration at not being able to answer a simple question soon boiled into anger. She had never liked giving advice anyway! And who thought that she, of all people, was qualified to talk about being homesick, anyway? She stopped short. The First Officer, that's what Beck had said. 

Varya Hex though she was homesick and helpless? 
She was in for a surprise. 

                   ------------------------------------------------
"Sorry about that", Lieutenant Cochran mumbled when she reached the hallway she had left the pair in "Some girl wanted to-" She stopped again, staring at the empty grey corridor. 

Where had they run off to?

She looked down the next three hallways in the dormitory section. Gen and John had obviously decided she was no help and wandered off on their own. Great. She'd failed her first unofficial task as a Lieutenant, to boot. Victoria groaned, then looked down at the time display on the datapad she was carrying. Immediately she forgot about the Zeranorians and jogged to the nearest airlift.  

They'd just have to find their rooms on their own, because she was late for a briefing.

Post #99:  Autumn Lee posted at Friday, August 30th, 2013, 09:04 AM:
"What do you think you're doing?" came a sharp voice from behind Gen. The two jumped a little and looked up. A tall teenage girl, with flame-red hair and eyes, stood behind Gen, her arms crossed. She looked a little bit intimidating, with her glowing red eyes, long black coat, and a sword peeking out from the coat.

Sensa didn't like that this girl was messing around, sitting in the middle of the walkway. She'd been told that there would be new crew members coming in today; if this was one of them... Her eyes flicked over to the boy. Was he a crew member too?

She tapped her foot impatiently. "New crew members should be reporting to their rooms or stations. Unless... one of you is Lieutenant Gen...?" Her narrowed eyes gave the impression that she really didn't want either of them to be Gen.

((Ha, I just realized Gen is in the weapons department along with Sensa and Yukan. This should be... fun. ))

Post #100:  Fox813 posted at Friday, August 30th, 2013, 09:24 AM:
Fox jumped as a girl asked what they were doing. "New crew members should be reporting to their rooms or stations. Unless... one of you is Lieutenant Gen...?" Fox managed to squeeze past Miss Complicated and stood up by the other lady. "I'm a new recruit, so um, where do I go?" Fox was good at lying but fire lady didn't seem convinced. "Why were you hiding then?" Fox didn't answer, he ran. "Later!" He ran a long way before stopping by a room that sounded quiet. He opened the door. Good thing it doesn't have a pin for it. He looked into the room and saw it was a mess. A lady with blue hair looked up sharply at him. Oh crap, it's not empty...


(Fox is sure unlucky isn't he? 
 Sniff... I hate you... Are you trying to kill me?!?
....Maybe....Just kidding! OW! Stop that OW!)

Post #101:  Imogen posted at Friday, August 30th, 2013, 10:26 AM:
"Ckkela Sensoncolleheroka Collins. I must be on the crew register!" The K-nire placed her paws nervously on the front of the desk, her brown eyes wide nervy. The large man (whom John had zapped earlier, and who was entirely finished with aliens), frowned at her darkly, and clenched his meaty fists.

"Miss... Chekla... you don't have you're papers with you. I can't grant you passage aboard this vessel."

"These are my papers, sir."
My name is Ckkela....

She fingered the tags hanging from the coller at her throat. The fat man leaned in, squinting hard. Finally he sat back, and handed her a large phamplet.

"You're clear to board. Safe flight, miss Collins."

Ckkela smiled and touched the rim of her hat. "Thank you, sir."

He growled to himself and rolled his eyes. Aliens. As if those two weirdos... what were their names? Ah yes. Sensa and Yukon, or something like that.

He pitied the others in their group.
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

"New crew members should be reporting to their rooms or stations. Unless... one of you is Lieutenant Gen...?"

Gen leaped up, and turned to Sensa. She raised her hands and pulled down on the skin at her face, making a horrible grimace.

"Aww... and I was just having fun, too!"

Quick as a flash, Fox had leaped past her, knocking her aside and rabbiting down the hallway. Gen hissed angrily.
"Blast...." She turned to the woman who had let her prey escape.
Gen sized up the "enemy". The woman was not as tall as she was, but her eyes were similar--while Gen's eyes glowed with a toxic green, this girl's eyes were flaming red--like coals.
Gen stepped forward, toe to toe with the red-eyed girl.

"That would be me. I'm Lieutenant Gen. You got a problem with that?"

Post #102:  Autumn Lee posted at Friday, August 30th, 2013, 11:04 AM:
It seemed that this was Lieutenant Gen. Who the other guy was, she had no idea. And she really didn't care, as long as he didn't cause her any problems.

But Gen seemed to want to cause problems. Gen leaped up, and turned to Sensa. She raised her hands and pulled down on the skin at her face, making a horrible grimace. Sensa frowned. The Zeranorian stepped forward, toe to toe with the red-eyed girl.

"That would be me. I'm Lieutenant Gen. You got a problem with that?" Her eyes were a neon green, and they glared at Sensa. She was several inches taller than the Guerran, but that didn't intimidate Sensa at all.

Sensa avoided the question. "Lieutenant Gen, I am Sensa, and I have charge over you. It would be best if you didn't cause me any problems." She turned on her heel and started to walk away. "The storage unit is not your station or your room. I suggest you get to one or the other."

As she walked away, she knew she hadn't made a good first impression. Yukan told me to be 'nice' to the new crew members... I suppose I did not do a good job... She had to admit, she did not do well with having patience or being 'nice'. Perhaps that is why I do not have any... 'friends'...

Post #103:  Imogen posted at Friday, August 30th, 2013, 11:20 AM:
"Lieutenant Gen, I am Sensa, and I have charge over you. It would be best if you didn't cause me any problems." She turned on her heel and started to walk away. "The storage unit is not your station or your room. I suggest you get to one or the other."

Gen frowned. Well this one was no fun at all! And she was ordering her around! Gen smirked. Time to do something about it.
With a snarl, she leaped forward, her long legs eating up ground in seconds. She lashed out with her hand, and an arc of electricity flew from her fingers. It smashed into the far wall, leaving a deep scorch mark.

"I wouldn't turn your back if I were you." She watched Sensa carefully, her eyes glittering with excitement. Now here was something interesting! "I don't take orders too well."
_______ _______ _______ _______ _______ _______ _______ _______ _______ _______ _______ _______ _______ _______ _______

Ckkela trotted down the hall, her tail hanging low. It was so sterile in here, but she didn't mind. She liked the ship already--it had a nice atmosphere, like it was alive, sighing contentedly. Ckkela felt the same way. She loved the place already.
Time to find my room, and get settled into the med-bay! I wonder where we're going first? I can't wait to see this place, see whats out there! She smiled and trotted on.

Room 41 b7, 41 b8, 41 b9,

It was here somewhere--hold on, what was that?

Ckkela raised her head, her ears pricking up and blunt muzzle twitching. She heard someone shouting, and smelled what she thought was an electrical charge. Yes, yes it was, she could feel her fur prickling.
Someone might need help.

Post #104:  Autumn Lee posted at Friday, August 30th, 2013, 11:32 AM:
Sensa heard a snarl from behind her, and saw an arc of electricity fly by her, smashing into the far wall, leaving a deep scorch mark.

"I wouldn't turn your back if I were you." Gen said as Sensa whipped around, her eyes glittering with excitement. "I don't take orders too well."

Sensa's eyes widened some. Was she really going to... attack her? Her hand went instinctively to her sword. Eyes flicking to look at the wall, Sensa took note of the scorch marks. Zeranorians... They have electrical abilities... I would do well to avoid physical contact...

"Know your place, Lieutenant!" Sensa said, trying to keep her voice calm. "It's not very wise to attack your own crewmates."

Somebody came towards them, from behind Gen. She had ears like a dog, and her face looked very worried. Sensa was going to tell her to leave the area, when she called out, "What's going on?!" Gen whipped around, a hand crackling with electricity.

Post #105:  Imogen posted at Friday, August 30th, 2013, 11:38 AM:
Ckkela ducked just as a bolt flew over her head. The K-nire's eyes widened, and she rose slowly. "What are you doing? Stop this at once!"

Gen sneered, and turned around, prowling in a circle around Sensa, her eyes glittering with something; not malice, for she was too excited for that. She didn't seem angry either.

"So, Sensa. You want to put me down. I want to stay up. We seem to have... conflicting interests, lets just say." Her eyes flared and, just for a moment, flickered to Sensa's swords.
"What'cha gonna do about it?"

She seemed more excited over the prospect of a fight, then the fact that she was committing an act of treason and felony, and could potentially be thrown in the brig for the duration of the trip.

Post #106:  Autumn Lee posted at Friday, August 30th, 2013, 04:44 PM:
Sensa growled a little when Gen attacked the girl, who seemed to be a K-nire. That was why she wanted her to leave -- so she didn't get hurt.

Gen prowled around Sensa. Her eyes glittered in a bit of an unnerving way. She doesn't seem angry... Just... excited...? "So, Sensa. You want to put me down. I want to stay up. We seem to have... conflicting interests, lets just say." Her eyes flared and, just for a moment, flickered to Sensa's sword. "What'cha gonna do about it?"

Sensa slowly moved her hand away from her sword's hilt. It seemed that Gen wanted a fight. The Guerran swayed between decisions. Her old military nature urged her to fight, while her common sense told her that would not be wise. Satisfy Gen's itch for a fight, or disappoint her? Either option is dangerous... I suspect she'll attack me either way.

Because she wanted to stay in the good graces of the rest of the crew, and maintain her reputation, Sensa opted to back out. "You won't get very far acting like that, Lieutenant. But I won't do anything to force your behavior." She straightened up and gave Gen a cool, calm look - well, as 'cool' as her fire-red eyes would allow.

((Hmm, still trying to decide when and where to introduce Yukan...))

Post #107:  Imogen posted at Friday, August 30th, 2013, 10:14 PM:
Gen watched intently as Sensa circled her, then stopped. She seemed to be trying to decide between taking up Gen's offer, and letting it hang.
Finally:
"You won't get very far acting like that, Lieutenant. But I won't do anything to force your behavior."

Gen stared hard at her, hands raised, for a long time. Then, slowly, she sighed and lowered her guard.
"Hmph.... You're probably right, actually."
She looked extremely uncomfortable, and shuffled her feet. "Actually... I guess I should..." She blinked. "apologize." Her voice was almost a whisper.

Just as soon as she had said it, she became fiery and excitable again. "But don't think that this means that you can boss me around!"

Ckkela slowly came down the stairs, her eyes flickering and ears cocked. "What is happening? Should I call security?"

Post #108:  PINKPANSIES posted at Monday, September 2nd, 2013, 08:05 AM:
Bethany stared after the Lieutenant, sighed and walked away down the hall towards her own cabin.
She passed several crew-members who all stared at her. Upon reaching her cabin, she realized why. She was still in the clothes she had come on-board in. 
Going into her cabin, Bethany changed into her uniform. She looked around at the room, deciding where things should go. 
Bethany opened the bag that she had not allowed the aide, (who had come with her from home) to unpack. Taking out the photos that were in it, she hung them up.
Then going out into the hall, she went exploring. Coming around a corner, she found three people who were all yelling and fighting,(well that is what it seemed like to Bethany).
She stood there looking at them, then before she was seen, she spoke in a calm, quiet voice that could still be heard above the noise. "What is going on here may I ask?"
All three stopped and stared. Bethany noticed that one of them looked a bit like a dog.

Post #109:  Autumn Lee posted at Monday, September 2nd, 2013, 01:05 PM:
Gen stared hard at Sensa, hands raised, for a long time. Then, slowly, she sighed.
"Hmph.... You're probably right, actually."
She looked extremely uncomfortable, and shuffled her feet. "Actually... I guess I should..." She blinked. "...apologize." Her voice was almost a whisper.

Just as soon as she had said it, she became fiery and excitable again. "But don't think that this means that you can boss me around!"

Sensa gazed at her quietly. The Zeranorian kind of remind her of... herself. Tense, and ready to blaze up at any moment. Electricity fit her. High-energy, powerful, out of control. But deep down, a person was still a person, with their own desires and scars. The Guerran wondered who Gen really was.

Ckkela slowly came down the stairs, her eyes flickering and ears cocked. "What is happening? Should I call security?" Then another girl appeared, saying in a cool calm voice, "What is going on here, may I ask?"

Sensa sighed. What a bother. Soon everybody would be here, asking the same question: "What's going on?" The Guerran gave her standard answer when she didn't really want to talk: "Nothing important. Move along." She gave Gen a look, a kind of gentle and curious look, and said, "Lieutenant Gen, feel free to look about your new home. Just... don't cause any more trouble. We can meet up at dinner, 18:00 hours. You'll meet my co-worker, and receive orders there." Sensa gave everyone present a nod, then strode away.

Post #110:  Imogen posted at Monday, September 2nd, 2013, 05:01 PM:
"Nothing important. Move along."
Gen shuffled her feet, watching the K-Nire and the new human tetchily out of the corners of her eyes.

"Lieutenant Gen,"

Gen looked up, at Sensa. The officer was giving her a look that she couldn't really understand. It wasn't angry, but it wasn't joyous either.

"Feel free to look about your new home. Just... don't cause any more trouble. We can meet up at dinner, 18:00 hours. You'll meet my co-worker, and receive orders there." Sensa gave everyone present a nod, then strode away.

Gen stared after her in confusion and astonishment. That officer had had been civil to her! It was more than anyone else ever was. Especially before... before....
Why couldn't she remember?

The others were still staring at her. She realized that she had seen one of them before: the homesick girl from the corridor. The one who had reminded her of something... stirred up a memory.... She grimaced and made a horrible face.

"What are you looking at?!"

As she stalked away, she realized that it had been mean to speak like that. At this point though, she didn't care.

There was something she had to figure out.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Ckkela watched as the strange tall one walked away. She blinked, trying to figure out why the girl had been so cranky. Was it something she had done? Perhaps she shouldn't have intervened in the "quote, unquote" conversation?

She rubbed a paw over an eye. So far, things had not been going as planned.

"What was that? What was going on?"

Ckkela turned to the girl, the one who had entered just as the fight stopped. She looked lonely and sad: just the way Ckkela felt. As a K-Nire, Ckkela had never been far from her immediate family. They were always there for her: her tiny pup sister, just learning to hunt, read and do maths; her younger brother, finally growing into his paws; her mother, always there, always ready to listen: a guiding paw in the darkness, with calming words to sooth her fears; her father, strong, brave, courageous. She could remember when he first taught her to fish....

Ckkela blinked hard, biting the inside of her lower lip. Can't think about that now. Take your mind off it. Where are you supposed to be? Answer the girl's question, first off.

"I-I'm not sure. I t-think they were fighting, but it d-didn't look too much like it at the end, did it?" She was ashamed to hear her voice wavering. Keep it together, Ckkela....
She looked up at the other girl. The tag on her shirt read "Bethany". Ckkela smiled. That was the "Human"'s name of the family of her best friend.

"Bethany. That's your name, right? I'm Ckkela. I work in the med-bay. Have you had your physical, yet?"
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

John spun slowly around in his chair. Where was everyone? There were a few members of the bridge crew on deck, but otherwise...
He blew the air out of his cheeks, swinging round to face the view-screen. It was so beautiful, and so out of reach.

People must still be boarding.... He thought to himself.

Slowly, he swung around again to face the person at the console nearest him.

"Hey there." He said, trying to strike up a conversation with their uncompromising back. "Where do you pitch up from?"

(If anyone wants to start a bridge conversation ^^)

Post #111:  PINKPANSIES posted at Tuesday, September 3rd, 2013, 03:51 AM:
"Bethany. That's your name, right? I'm Ckkela. I work in the med-bay. Have you had your physical, yet?"
Bethany smiled shyly. "Yes, I'm Bethany, or Lieutenant Beck. No, I have not had my physical yet."
Bethany noticed that Ckkela was looking sad.
 She asked, "Have you settled in yet, and met Commander?
Ckkela shook her head, "No, I haven't."
Bethany started off racing down the hallway. "Come on. I'll help you." 
Together they raced down the hallway to the med-bay.

Post #112:  Willow Skyrider posted at Tuesday, September 3rd, 2013, 03:12 PM:
(I have question. Actually I have two and a suggestion:

1st question, does anyone have any ideas for an insignia to the Outsider's uniform? I have an idea, but it seems more like a general-Starfleet image rather than only belonging to the ship. I was thinking about an upright Olive-branch with an overlaid sword/spear (Or whatever weapons we'd like to use) crossed over each-other in an X, with a phrase that pertains to whatever department they belonged to, going in a circle around it.

E.g,
Primum nil nocere {Medical-Personnel}
(First do no harm.)

Fero null paceum in bellum {Battle-class}
(I bear no peace in the war)

Revelantis novos prospectus (per experimentus probatium) {Science-Class}
(Revealing new horizons) (through the experimental)

I could hunt down/create more phrases if we wanted them...

2nd question, what kind of government is this story working off? Personally I was imagining something akin to a Lucasian Republic with senators and such. "Transgalactic Federation of the Republic" Or else we could do an Empire.

Ooo! What if we started out under the TFR, but after our Warp-Jump we fall into the realm of some Empire or another...?)

Post #113:  AstroNut posted at Tuesday, September 3rd, 2013, 05:19 PM:
For the first question, I tend to think of futuristic being equal to simpler, so the insignia ideas seem a little too ornate to me, but not terrible. Also since it's a "peace keeping" Armada I'm not sure weapons are that appropriate? I think something like a single shape would be better. 

My vote goes to the TRF --> Empire idea.

Post #114:  GuitarGurl4God98 posted at Thursday, September 5th, 2013, 12:27 AM:
(*runs and jumps into empty seat that has the name Abigail etched to it* Ok! Here we go! I'm going to go ahead and start, and I apologize beforehand if I miss out on any encounters that you guys may have set up between our characters. I tried to catch most of them, but if I missed yours, please don't hate me. Now! ehem...let it begin! *cue revised theme music from original Boarded thread, yet same eerie ending*)

I stop at the doorway noticing he's not in tow with me, and give him a quizzical look. "You ready to go, bro?"

Hector looks over the small apartment nervously once more before giving a slight nod. "Ya. I'm ready. I can't believe I'm about to do this," he says, walking out of his home. 

With a sense of finality he closes and locks the door. I watch him proudly, throwing an arm around his waist as his rests comfortably on my shoulder before I can pull away. Instead of protesting, saying the norm like, 'Get off me!,'  or, 'It's too hot for this right now,' I let him stay by my side, knowing that he needs someone to lean on, someone to give him a jumpstart in the right direction, and more than anything just your normal affection that we rely on our family to give. Something that I won't be able to give him much of once I step foot in that ship. My duty will be to the ship at that point, not my little brothers stomach butterflies. But for now, my duty as his sister is to be encouraging and comforting, preparing him for anything and everything that will come his way. It's been like that since the day my mother placed a hand to her growing belly and I felt a solid kick against my hand. I couldn't have been a day over two years of age, but I remember that it was that moment I vowed that I would watch out for him. Now that he's at the crisp age of eighteen, he's a good half-foot taller than me, and my mind can't help but wonder to when our positions were switched. When I would hold my arm to his shoulder, or even his head for the fun of it while he clutched my shirt with small stubby hands. The same hands that would clutch the sheets in bed at night while our dad would tell us about his latest voyage to various planets and their different peoples, cultures, and my brother's favorite subject...cuisine. Now I steal a glance at those once small stubby hands, while they may still be stubby, his hand is that of a giant. Strong and solid, with fingers that maintain their sausagy look and almost non-existent nails. I roll my eyes before giving him the, 'I thought you said you weren't chewing your nails anymore' look. He just gives me a nervous smile in return and shrugs before we turn down the corridor into the bright California sun. 

I allow myself a quick smile and breath in the familiar scent of ocean while looking to see the mountain range that hangs over us in the distance. Looking back at the apartment building that was first mine, then ours, then his when I started specially training for my position as Commander. My family was initially shocked at my rapid promotion, and knew that it would pull me away from them even more then it already had, but this is what I wanted to do. It has been since the day I told my dad that I wanted to be just like him. Since I was four years old and already starting training. Since I was sixteen and graduated from the academy, only to be departing for my first voyage six months later. Now today makes another roadmark. The day where I share my journey with my brother.

"I'm going to miss this place," he says barely above a whisper. In his eyes I can see wonder and excitement, yet nervousness, and even a little fear of the great unknown.

"I am too." I say, giving a nod of agreement and breathing in the scent once more before finally dropping my arm from his side. "We better go, mom and the girls are waiting to say goodbye." I say, making my way to the driver seat of the '67 Camaro. He grabs our bags and throws them into the backseat before comfortably settling in. "Ready?" I question.

With a gleam in his eyes and one last glance at home he nods and says, "Let's do this."

I throw the gear into drive and speed towards base.

******************************************************************************************************

After a drawn out and emotional goodbye from our mother and sisters. My brother getting the speech my mom gave me the first time I left that included, 'Just remember young man that just because I'm not there doesn't give you a pass on brushing your teeth!' and my one of my sisters butting in to make a comment like, 'Or your hair!' And I getting the speech such as, 'Remember, even if he's handsome, you're too young!' and another sister wink and make a sly comment like, 'But don't forget to give him a certain sister of yours number.' And ultimately end up with them all crying, and even myself allowing a tear or two to slip past before brushing it away and remaining the strong one I need to be. We finally give one last kiss goodbye before heading to the docking area where our father awaits us for a quick goodbye to Hector and a small but final briefing for me and my mission that also includes a communicator that tucks gently inside my ear, a list of essential crew members and a pre-flight check that I will be assigned to do with our pilot whom I will likely be getting to know very well. I pray a silent prayer that he won't be like the jerk of a ditz the last one was. Poor Commander Harley just about had it to his now remaining hairs on his head with that guy by the time the voyage was over.

I give my father one last embrace before turning to board. He pulls me in reminding him that no matter where life takes me, I'll always be his little girl. I stay wrapped in his still strong as ever arms for as long as possible, letting my chin fall in the familiar crook of his chest while peeking my eyes over and noticing that the first ones are starting to arrive. A few familiar faces scattered across the docking bay. I give one final goodbye with my eyes to them as they stand to lovingly admire our embrace. Most of them knowing me as the little girl who's daddy would carry her into work, or maybe a teacher from when I was barely starting training in the academy, or perhaps someone I've met on another voyage. I pull back from my dad so I can catch one last glimpse of the flecks of hazel in his eyes that matches the very faint freckles that line his nose, and take in the small wrinkles that now show his age along with the grey in his stuble, then stand up straight and salute before turning and making my way aboard, only stopping once before I'm out of sight to nod to him one last time.

******************************************************************************************************

I look over my schedule and see that I will be needed immediately in the briefing room to go over a few key crew members and introduce myself. Later tonight I will be put on over the viewing screens everywhere to give a speech to the whole ship. I hadn't really rehearsed it much which worried me a little, but mom always said I ran better on spontaneity rather than rehearsing it over and over.

Sitting down at my seat at the head of the 'U' shaped desk, I pulled my list of crew members that my father had made himself. I looked at the golden pad with awe. This was it. I was officially the Commander of a starship. Of The Outsider. Glancing down, I straightened my badge that read COMMANDER GONZALEZ. No longer would I be simply Abby, or even Abigail, much less Yeoman or any other rank. I would only move up from here.

 I flipped open the first page to see one of the many quotes I remembered fondly, this one happening to be my father's favorite.

"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men (or woman) do nothing."
-Edmund Burke

I chuckled, realizing my father's input and smiling gratefully. I shook my head and flipped it to my first person. After getting over the initial shock of the girls profile, and quite frankly, annoyance that they would even consider someone of her nature and appearance to be SIC. She's probably much different from her profile. I decide to go with that to comfort myself. 

I go over it once more thoroughly before a dry voice comes through my communicator. "First Officer Hex to see you, Commander."

I breathe in deeply, mentally preparing myself before reaching over to press the release for the door. 

"Send her in." I say as the door slides open.

A few short moments later, First Officer Varya Hex steps in, looking even more appalling in real life then in her profile.

"Hiya, I'm Varya Hex!" She says, smiling wide, a single fang gleaming in the light. At least she has good teeth.

Her bright blue hair was hacked-off at her chin but had a small braid on either side of her freckly, golden face that brushed her shoulders. Her eyes were bright and hid wisdom behind their reflective silver colour. She had not yet changed into the uniform of one in command but was still wearing civilian clothes, a rather dangerous-looking ensemble that was a black, snug Oriental-looking top, stained, burned and torn jeans and black combat boots.

This was going to be my Second-In-Command?
The universe must hate me.

"Yes...welcome aboard, First Officer...--" I began, only to be rudely and abruptly interrupted.

"So, who's Tall, Dark and Handsome?" She asked, eyes glittering and black fingernails tapping out a rhythm that sounded strangely familiar on my desk.

Tall, dark and...? Oh no...! She didn't, did she? It couldn't be him. That girl has no idea what she's getting into...and poor him!

I decided to ask in horror, "Varya Hex, you wouldn't be talking about Kkuet, would you?"

A smile came dancing on her lips, "Is that his name? It fits, an awkward name for an awkwardly cute boy playing assassin."

"Did you flirt with him?!" I asked, not really wanting to know the answer.

"But of course." she said, winking.

I decided that I wouldn't get far with her today. Nor did I want to. "You're dismissed." I managed to say without yelling.

Varya flicked a wave over her shoulder at me, "See ya', Commander!" before slamming the door behind her. I slumped back into my seat. Please, if you have any mercy...

******************************************************************************************************

For the next couple of hours different crew members were brought in. Not all as bad as the first. Some were even surprisingly pleasant, such as a nice young Lieutenant....Beck! That was her name.

A little later on I had Kkuet coming in with a somewhat flushed look on his face. I apologized immediately, but couldn't help but inwardly chuckle when he told me a brief snip-it of their encounter. 

It was nice to see him again. While he had never been the most warm and inviting person, then again neither had I, a familiar face on a voyage was always a breath of fresh air. And it wasn't like he was bad company either, I can say that I do find him easy to be around. He doesn't complain or pry, most of the time we just end up making some small talk, sitting in comfortable silence, and he'd be on his way.

Again in my communicator I was summoned. "Commander to Bridge. We're getting ready for the pre-flight test in exactly twenty-eight minutes. Briefings will then continue after takeoff."

I stood up and marched for the bridge. My bridge.

******************************************************************************************************

I looked around the bridge in contentment. I had already been aboard before this, so luckily I wasn't gaping in front of everyone. I steadily went towards the front of the bridge, past my captains chair, and placed a hand on the seat control panel, awestruck by the  glistening viewing screen.

"Wow..." was all I was able to mutter. 

Apparently I muttered it a bit too loudly because the lanky man sitting next to me snorted joyfully without turning away from playing with his controls. "You're tellin' me." he said, not looking away.

This time I spoke firmly, with a strong, not-to-be-ignored voice, "Excuse me?"

(Ok! Not sure how great it was honestly. I just know that it's long. I also wasn't sure if everyone was supposed to be writing in third person.. I can change POV into a third person if need be! I just wasn't exactly sure. I'll put up a character profile sometime later. Also, not sure if Hector will wanna join in or not, but I put him in just in case he does. I also may use him later on.)

Post #115:  Imogen posted at Thursday, September 5th, 2013, 09:01 AM:
John was so immersed in the delight of his console, and the prospect of an imminent take-off, that he didn't even notice when the girl, already in uniform, entered.

Blimy... this is brilliant! The speed of this thing... can't wait to get my hands on the drive lever.... this is just--

"Wow..."

Dragged up from the depths of his imagination, John heard the voice speak, mirroring exactly his internal feelings. He snorted joyfully, rubbing a spidery finger over the top of the leather padded warp drive lever.

"You're tellin' me." He responded absentmindedly, his eyes flicking from the console, to the view screen. His absorbed attitude was not joyfully received.

"Excuse me?"

John spun around in his chair, facing the person who had spoken. He looked her up and down, his eyes falling on the badge pinned to her chest. His expression froze.

"Oh." His ears flushed red, and he rubbed the back of his neck, his long fingers making his wild hair even wilder. He grinned sheepishly and looked up, meeting her eyes. "Sorry there. No insubordination intended... Commander."

He did not stay shy for long, though. All of his former excitement returning, the Zeranorian jumped up from his chair. Sticking out an emaciated arm, he grabbed her hand and shook it vigorously, a cockamamie grin spreading across his face, while inwardly breathing a sigh of relief at the fact that he had so far managed to not electrocuted his commander in their first meeting.

"The name's John Turner." He said happily. "And, as you probably--no, definitely (you are the commander, after all)--already know, I'm your Pilot. Wherever you want to go, whenever you want to be there, I'm your man!"

He pulled back, pushing his glasses further up his crooked nose and beaming, his wild hair standing on end, oblivious to just how mad he really seemed.
____

Gen strode through the halls, her eyes flickering from wall to wall. She hadn't met the commander yet, and she wasn't sure if she wanted to. Sure, John would get along with those in high command (usually, anyway), but Gen?
She snorted and ran a hand absentmindedly over the wall. An electric... sentience, met her touch. She recoiled, staring at the wall as if it had burned her. After a moment or two, she slowly extended her hand, brushing her fingertips over the smooth surface. There it was again!
Slowly, carefully, she slipped into telepathic communication with the whatever-it-was.

Hello?

The response (if it could be counted as a response) was one of surprise. It was more of a feeling, however.

"Are you... an AI?" Gen wondered aloud, closing her eyes. That was what it felt like to her, but for once, she was not sure.
And she didn't know if it liked visitors.
____

Ckkela followed Beth, feeling a bit better. This girl was gentle and kind, and seemed not to mind the fact that she was a dog. The arrived quickly at the quarters section, and Beth consulted a tablet.

"This way."

Ckkela followed her to a room, one that looked like every other dorm on the ship.
I could hang up some bunting... maybe a few flowers here and there. It will look just like home.
Ckkela sighed, leaning against the door frame. She looked at Beth.
"Thank you for showing me here."

Post #116:  Willow Skyrider posted at Thursday, September 5th, 2013, 10:48 AM:
"Are you... an AI?" Gen wondered aloud, closing her eyes. That was what it felt like to her, but for once, she was not sure.
And she didn't know if it liked visitors.

Yes. Was the AI's level-voiced reply.
Gen's eyes opened and she retreated half-a-step, breaking the connection.
After a moment's deliberation she put her hand back to the wall with a slap, 
"Why are you-"
Would you like to come and see me?
Gen leapt at the chance. "Yes!"
I'll be waiting on the bridge, Arms-Lieutenant."

Post #117:  Estheriscrazzy posted at Saturday, September 7th, 2013, 09:08 AM:
To a passbyer, the young lass at the airport rhat morning was just a ordinary girl. She looked about maybe 15-16, with chin length dark purple hair that was shaped around her face. She was wearing a gray hoodie and dark blue trackies. With her headphones on she was sitting by herself waiting for the plane. That was the only strange thing about her, that she was going international by herself and had no one waiting with her. 

What they didn't know was that she was actually 19. She was part of a handpicked crew from over the world who were part of a miltary peacekeeping mission. She was to be a Ensign, which was a upgrade from where she had been before as a private. 

Esther looked out the window of the airport watching the plane being prepared for take off. She was a bit tired, having not slept the last night for being nervous.  The butterflies in her stomach were reminding her that this was not just a short flight from one side of Australia to the other, but that this was a 13 hour flight.  She was going to America, leaving her home country, and then leaving for space. 

She sighed as the boarding started. "Finally". 

Once on the plane she looked around and smiled a bit for the first time. First class, didn't even have to pay for it. She made herself comfortable as the plane rolled down the runaway and made sure that her carry on bag was secure.
As the plane flew over the landscape that was Australia, she fell asleep wondering what the rest if the crew were like. 

*13 hours later* 

As the plane came down for the landing, Esther looked out the window and stared at the huge city that she had come to. " I thought that Sydney was big" she thought as she walked into the airport and made contact with the people who were transporting her to the ship.

Post #118:  Autumn Lee posted at Saturday, September 7th, 2013, 06:03 PM:
Yukan had decided to escort some of the new crew to the ship. But so far, he had gotten lost, and hadn't escorted anyone...
There were so many people in the area, moving around him, in their own worlds. Yukan stuck out a little, with his height, deathly-pale skin, and eye-patch. At least he could look through the crowd.

After having gotten lost, Yukan had finally found his way back to the gate of the Outsider. It didn't seem that anyone else was arriving... He sat down and waited patiently for the call for 'all-aboard'.

A young girl with dark purple hair approached. "Is this the gate for the Outsider?" she asked, her eyes flicking towards the large ship. Yukan stood up and bowed gracefully. "Yes it is. You are a new crew member, I presume?" He gave a friendly smile, then gestured towards the ship. "The Outsider will be leaving soon; I can accompany you to the ship."

((And with that, I finally bring in Yukan! ))

Post #119:  Missymoo posted at Sunday, September 8th, 2013, 03:21 AM:
( Please may I join I have a character worked out her name is Sahara )

Post #120:  AstroNut posted at Sunday, September 8th, 2013, 11:33 AM:
(Sure, but now that we have full crew complement, I think we should get going)

Post #121:  Missymoo posted at Monday, September 9th, 2013, 07:18 AM:
Cool.

Post #122:  Titus2teen posted at Wednesday, September 11th, 2013, 07:32 AM:
Kkeut dropped the brown leather bag on the floor of his room. He reached in the bag pulling out a a set of wrist restraints, not unlike the ones they use in an Asylum, and attached them to the top of his bed, sighing as the little green lights glowed softly.

Kkeut positioned the tower speakers pointing away from his pillow on either side of the bed. He stood up and left the room, leaving the door unlocked as he went. He didn't care if someone saw the barren room with restraints and speakers. They'd misunderstand anyway.

Kkeut headed straight for the bridge, telling some Zeranorian to get out of the way in his own language, which seemed to shock them. He stepped inside the bridge, leaned against the back wall, and stayed there waiting for take off, musing to himself how 'neutral' he sounds in conversation, not asking personal questions, because he usually knew everything about them in a couple minutes. Even the Commander's mind was an open book.

Now all that was left is the wait...

Post #123:  Fox813 posted at Wednesday, September 11th, 2013, 10:18 AM:
Fox was breathing hard. He had run all over the ship; twice. Why? He didn't really know. He had glimpsed the Zeranorian lady from before once and ran ever faster. Whew. I'm safe. Finally! 
"A stowaway? 

Fox jumped up and looked to his right. A Tarion stood next to him. "What do you want?"

"I am Midnight. The head of discipline on this ship. And if you are a stowaway like I think your are you must be punished." 

"How do you know if I'm a stowaway?" 

Midnight smiled. "I memorized the crew list and saw pictures for every single person." 

"Oh." Fox thought about running for it but Tarions had psi-powers that increased their speed. "What is my punishment then?" If Fox got kicked off then he would find a different ship to stowaway on.

Midnight looked thoughtful. "KP for the entire voyage." 

Well....It could be worse right?

Post #124:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, September 11th, 2013, 12:21 PM:
Would you like to come and see me?

Gen had already been weirded out beyond the appropriate level [her measurements], and was no longer interested in being skittish or hesitant. That was for those with less self control.

Her excitement spiked. "Yes!" She shouted aloud as well, forgetting that it was a mental link. The AI's thoughts sounded almost amused.

I'll be waiting at the bridge, Arms-Lieutenant.

The connection broke, and Gen's eyes fluttered open. She thought she saw a flicker of movement at the corner of her vision, and turning her head, saw a form retreating at an alarmingly fast pace back down the hallway. She thought she recognized it, but she wasn't sure.

Finally something interesting is happening! She thought gleefully to herself. She momentarily considered sharing the information with John, but when she tentatively stretched out the tendrils of thought, she felt that he was busy. A sudden mischievous urge seized her, and she almost considered invading his mind, seeing what he was up to, maybe ruining a plan or to... but no, he would never forgive her for that, especially now that he was the pilot, and had so very many important things to do.

She sighed and, with a look of something close to sadness, let the connection drop.

She was just about to hurry on to the bridge when she realized that John had the ship's map, and she had no idea where she was.

Ok! No biggie. I'll just enter the ship's electrical systems and map out the way through its electrode sensors. No proble--

She was shoved rudely out of the way by a large young man with black hair and intense, burning eyes. He didn't even say anything to her! For a moment she considered electrocuting him (that'll teach you to knock me around!) but after a second glance (mentally, of course) it seemed that he had psi powers. That might not work out so well for her.

Instead she decided to follow him menacingly. No need to say anything, just look dangerous and creep him out. To her extreme chagrin, he ignored her the entire way.
The one good thing was that, when he stopped walking, she found herself on the bridge.
Looking around, she almost smiled. It was really quite breathtaking. But she had other matters of greater importance.
After casting a glance at John (who was engaged in conversation with an extremely official looking officer), she walked over to a wall and slapped her palm dramatically against it.

I'm here! Where are you?!

_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________


Ckkela sat on her bed, running her fingers over the soft sheets, made from her shedded puppy fur, and the puppy fur of members of her family reaching back to the beginnings of their history. Her mother had handed it to her, a look of sadness, but also of joy on her face.

A K-Nire on a starship! And one of our family at that. Its not often that this happens, Ckkela Collins. We're all very proud of you.
She had smiled and brushed away a tear, then walked with her daughter toward the ship.
There it is: The Outsider. Your new home.

Back then it had all seemed so wonderful, so exciting. And it still did, only slightly less so now that she was alone.

Alone.

She sniffed. Not a good word! Time to get it together, Ckkela!

She looked down at her launch chart, and saw that the officers were all expected on the bridge in fifteen minutes for a debriefing. Quickly, she packed her trunks under the bed, and, after casting one last glance around the room, exited and locked the door.


She was heading toward the bridge, just on the floor below about the enter the lift, when she heard some other people talking. Looking around the corner, she saw a group of three, two male and one female, all chattering together. She felt so alone...
Gently and quietly, Ckkela padded out from behind the corner and walked over to them, her ears held low, looking rather small in the big hallway.

She stopped and looked at them nervously. How to start? "Hello..."

Post #125:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, September 11th, 2013, 04:51 PM:
((I feel like my posts are so short... T^T))

Lee jumped at the voice behind her and quickly turned around.
There seemed no end to surprises...

What she could only describe as a 'dog-person' stood there, her ears low, looking shy. Lee briefly wondered if anything would surprise her after this.
"Hello!" Link called cheerfully from where he had Tray in a headlock. "Not often I get to see a K-Nire! Welcome to the Outsider!" He walked over, dragging Tray, and gave a short, quick bow. "The name's Link! I'm head mechanic here! This is Tray, also a mechanic. And this is my cousin Lee. She's a new member too, assigned to the kitchens."

Lee gave a quick "Hello.", hoping she didn't sound rude. She really felt tuckered out, from traveling and seeing all the new things. It wasn't the K-Nire's fault, but a 'dog-person' was really the last straw... Lee was looking visibly pale and tired.

Post #126:  Willow Skyrider posted at Wednesday, September 11th, 2013, 11:40 PM:
(So, everyone who should be is now on the bridge?)

Post #127:  Estheriscrazzy posted at Thursday, September 12th, 2013, 12:18 AM:
Esther hurried to the bridge, desperately hoping that she wasnt late. 


(There, I'm there now too)

Post #128:  PINKPANSIES posted at Thursday, September 12th, 2013, 05:36 AM:
Bethany was in her cabin. Suddenly she remembered that she was supposed to be on the bridge, so she got up and went quickly.

Post #129:  Missymoo posted at Thursday, September 12th, 2013, 06:24 AM:
(Should I come to the bridge)

Post #130:  AstroNut posted at Thursday, September 12th, 2013, 08:30 AM:
(It depends Heidi. Whats your job again? And yes, I didn't write my entrance but I'm on the bridge.)

Post #131:  Willow Skyrider posted at Monday, September 16th, 2013, 12:48 AM:
I'm on my way. AntiCure replied through the technopathical link.

After The Commander and John concluded their introductory conversation, and the remainder of the superior crew arrived on the bridge, Anticure brought himself from virtualization to realization.

The holographic-image stood nearly five-foot-five and wore the uniform of The Outsider. His dark-brown hair, though (when he remembered it) covered by a black beret, was brushed left to right with a minute wave above his right eye, and the length was cropped to a little above his neck-line. His skin was, although semi-translucent, Caucasian, and his eyes were a pale-hazel.

His voice rang out from the four surrounding speakers, one above the viewing-window, two on either side of the bridge, and one above the main-doorway in the rear of the bridge provided excellent stereophonic sound.

"Attention on deck."

He lifted his right hand into a salute and when he received The Commander's bemused nod of ease, he dropped his hand and presented the room with spread arms, "Sirs and Ma'ams, may I personally introduce, 'The Outsider'." Now his voice seemed to originate from his mouth. "A typical Science-vessel build, outfitted with several additions towards self-defense on this particular deep-space exploration and/or missing-persons retrieval mission; military-grade weapons, high-powered engines, and myself- An AI from the Federation's Battleship, The Black-Knight. I have been fully informed and integrated with this vessel's purpose and designated plot to course.

I will enact any and all commands given me by the superiority of the vessel.,
I will enact no command unless enforced by the Lieutenants, or the Commander.,
I will in no way seek to attain personal-gain through the murder and or maroonment of the crew.,
And as such, I await your orders."

[*Will edit ships-specs at a not-so-late hour if need be.*]

Post #132:  Varyafírimar posted at Monday, September 16th, 2013, 01:18 AM:
(I pronounced it and I propose "Technopathy" as an alternative.)

Post #133:  Imogen posted at Sunday, September 29th, 2013, 10:42 AM:
"Not often I get to see a K-Nire! Welcome to the Outsider!" He walked over, dragging Tray, and gave a short, quick bow. "The name's Link! I'm head mechanic here! This is Tray, also a mechanic. And this is my cousin Lee. She's a new member too, assigned to the kitchens."

Ckkela gave a small wave of her tail and her ears pricked a bit. "It is an honor to serve among humans." She said quietly when Link stopped for breath. Her attention directed to the girl named Lee. Ckkela noticed how pale and tired she looked. Her heart went out to the human: Lee must feel just as overwhelmed and worried as she did.

"Hello."

Ckkela gently put a paw on Lee's shoulder. "You look tired. Have you found your room yet? We won't need to be at our stations for a while, till after takeoff, I take it." She smiled.

Post #134:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, October 2nd, 2013, 08:48 PM:
(Just giving Finn a place to step in from)

Gen sucked in a breath as Anti-Cure appeared. She knew that holograms existed on other worlds--they were unnecessary on her planet since all Zeranorians could naturally create electro-images--but she never imagined that something made of light essentially, could be so detailed and intricate. He almost looked solid to her. For one irrational moment she wanted to rush over and swipe a hand through him, but she resisted the urge. Only barely though.

She shifted from foot to foot, listening impatiently to the AI. That was all well and good, but she was tired of sitting around. It was time to get out into the great unknown, explore deep space, wreak havoc and whatnot. And what was holding them back? Some stupid Engineer who was late to board....

Post #135:  finnishfinn posted at Wednesday, October 2nd, 2013, 10:15 PM:
(please do not mind the grammar or spelling mistakes i might make!!!)

Delvin Ray was in The Port, ready to leave. but when he was about to board, he realized that his ID card was missing and he couldn't board without it.
He searched franticly for the missing documents but they weren't there. he looked around, panicked at the idea that they could have been stolen he noticed a piece of paper attached to a card siting in a waste disposal bin, which was being lifted into a Deep Space garbage ship.
Delvin Ray ran as fast as he could to the bin. he jumped just in time to catch a hold of a loose chain.
He crawled onto the bin, but fell into the stinking gunk.
After a long search, he found the papers, but by then he realized that he was 100 Tri-feet above The Port. He could jump, or he could fall. But before he could decide, he fell and landed on top of an official officer. not one second he passed before he was on his feet and staggering to what he thought was The Outsider.
After he could walk and see more properly, he wiped his documents off and handed them to the officer who was standing by the gangplank. After a little time passed, the officer handed the documents back to a dirty and dripping Delvin ray, let him board the ship. "Time to take a shower!" he said to himself as he entered through the doorway.

Post #136:  Varyafírimar posted at Monday, October 7th, 2013, 06:51 PM:
After chasing that stupid assassin boy from her quarters, her chest heaving in suppressed anger, Varya bent down and picked up the photograph she saw him holding in his dirty, thieving paws.

Varya sighed heavily as her eyes wandered up and down the picture. "At least he didn't see the rest of them..." She whispered before growl rose deep in her throat and she continued her line of thought "Like the one of that traitorous Ksenia Grey!"

Slipping the photo into a leather-bound book titled 'Omni' in cracked gold lettering, Varya went to get changed into her uniform.
The uniform of the First Officer consisted of a burgundy, long-sleeved top (specially tailored with sleeves akin to a kimono so she could sheath her daggers in secret there) with her rank on both shoulders and any badges or medals she had received, a leather belt with a gun holster and money pouch, dove grey pants and tall black leather boots very similar to what Equestrian Riders wore.
All in all, a nice ensemble that complemented her bright blue hair and golden-brown skin and made her look powerful and dangerous.

Varya had one last thing to do before she departed to the bridge...making sure that nosy little boys playing assassin couldn't get into her room without her knowing about it! She cackled happily as she dove into her possessions and pulled out a large spiky crystal glowing with a multitude of unearthly technology.
"Let's see him try to get in NOW undetected!"

~~~~~

The woman in the dark, mottled cloak breathed in deeply all the smells of the ship she was on, trying to find one in particular.
Ahhh....there was the scent so familiar to her, the one of freshly fallen rain! The one...of her wayward daughter who she did wrong. 
This was her last chance to repair and reunite the Grey after a century! She couldn't fail this time! She WOULDN'T!
...And hopefully also play matchmaker too! The woman in the cloak rubbed her hands together gleefully at that last thought and continued on deeper into the ship to report to the commander.

(This was loooong overdue, sorry that it isn't very long itself though!)

Post #137:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, October 8th, 2013, 06:41 PM:
((Lol, I kinda just realized that there was a post I could reply to! Sorry, Imogen!
Would Link, Yukan, and Sensa be 'senior' officers that would need to be on the bridge? Er, actually, would Lee need to? I'll post when I know the answer~))

Post #138:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, October 8th, 2013, 07:17 PM:
(Oh no worries!  Sensa and Yukan probably need to be on the bridge, perhaps Link, and probably not Lee.)

Post #139:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, October 9th, 2013, 05:50 PM:
Sensa had swiftly made her way to the bridge, where she now stood calmly watching AntiCure. She gazed around, looking at the crew, satisfied to see the Commander. Her brow wrinkled a little bit. Where was...?

"Sorry I'm late..." whispered someone at her ear. Sensa jumped and whipped her head around to see Yukan smiling at her. Sensa tried to frown disapprovingly at him, which just made him smile more. The Xeo-Guerran moved to stand next to her, still with a small smile.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Link's computer beeped. Notice: Presence required on bridge. It really was a good thing to have a computer to remind him of things... Link would inevitably forget most things if not for that...

"Hey, dunno if you could, but could you help Lee find her room? Gotta run!" Link said to Ckkela in a rush. He grabbed Tray by the collar and dragged him with him towards the bridge.

Lee quelled the desire to call after Link. She had a feeling of 'don't leave me!' As nice as the K-Nire next to her seemed, a talking, walking dog was unnerving to her. "If you could help me find my room, I would really appreciate it..." Lee said in a quiet voice to Ckkela.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Link rushed onto the bridge, earning a glare from Sensa. He just grinned at her as he straightened up. Ready for action! he thought to himself.

((Uh, feels kinda incomplete somehow...))

Post #140:  GuitarGurl4God98 posted at Thursday, October 10th, 2013, 12:55 AM:
The tall pilot spun around in his chair giving the Commander a quick once-over, cocking his head ever so slightly as his eyes peered to her badge. Suddenly the curious expression froze to one not entirely comprehensible to her. 

"Oh." He rubbed the back of his neck, his ears turning red,his fingers running through his...interesting hair. He met her eyes with a sort of sheepish smile. "Sorry there. No insubordination intended... Commander."

Abby inwardly smiled, pretty sure that a ghost of it was likely playing on her lips. Suddenly he reached out and shook her arm furiously, yet with a bit of a hesitancy at first that she noted. His smile changed from one of embarrassment to one that made her smile grow just a bit larger, though formal.

"The name's John Turner." He said happily. "And, as you probably--no, definitely (you are the commander, after all)--already know, I'm your Pilot. Wherever you want to go, whenever you want to be there, I'm your man!"

Finally full recognition struck a bell in the Commander's head. He withdrew his hand, pushing his glasses further up his crooked nose and beaming, his wild hair standing on end. 

She crossed her arms in front of her, tilting her head a bit to the side. "The Zeranorian, am I correct?"

He gave a eager nod, making his already wild hair dance.

"Good to have you aboard Mister Turner." She said with a nod. "If you'll excuse me." Turning her focus back to John briefly before a holographic crackled into view.

"Attention on deck." The male image, bearing the uniform for The Outsider said, making John whip his head around.

The image's eyes rested on the Commander immediately. It saluted her, and she nodding back was starting to wonder what this image was. This hadn't been brought to my knowledge on Wednesday when Dad brought me to see the almost finalized Bridge....almost. Nonetheless, she forced herself to focus in on what it was saying.

".......personally introduce, 'The Outsider'. A typical Science-vessel build, outfitted with several additions towards self-defense on this particular deep-space exploration and/or missing-persons retrieval mission; military-grade weapons, high-powered engines, and myself- An AI from the Federation's Battleship, The Black-Knight. I have been fully informed and integrated with this vessel's purpose and designated plot to course.

I will enact any and all commands given me by the superiority of the vessel.,
I will enact no command unless enforced by the Lieutenants, or the Commander.,
I will in no way seek to attain personal-gain through the murder and or maroonment of the crew.,
And as such, I await your orders." Finishing, he crossed his arms behind his back and tilted his head upwards, disappearing from the Bridge.

A female voice came over the speakers just as soon as his image had completely dissolved. "Six minutes, and fourty-two seconds to departure."

Abby looked around the Bridge, people rushing around trying to get into their designated positions. She quickly started mentally running through a list of who was present.

She noticed Lieutenant Beck taking a seat on her left side making small talk with a woman with curly reddish hair who was writing something on a pad. She then took notice of a young lady with fiery red hair and nearly equally red eyes who was looking at a pale young man standing beside her. 

"One minute to departure." The same voice came over once more.

"Computer, set back departure three minutes." Abby ordered, fuming that they were still missing two people. And she knew exactly which two without even having to think hard. 

A few moments passed before the computer's monotone voice came through again, "Approved. Three minutes to departure."

She shook her head disapprovingly, just about ready to write off her First Officer completely when felt a small but firm figure bump shoulders with her, catching a glimpse of blue hair fling past. The single fang hanging down under the usual maddening grin.

Abby gave her a surprised nod, arching her eyebrow slightly. One more person....not again!

At that moment a familiar figure came running in, doubling over in front of the pair just previously mentioned. She couldn't help but inwardly smile as Link gave a mischievous grin. There were moments where all Abby could think of doing was wringing the half-humans neck, but they were short lived, though not that far apart. Nothing like a familiar face to brighten the voyage.

"One minute to departure."

Abby took a few steps forward and locked her eyes on the thing in front of her. Slowly, and gracefully she sat herself down in the Captain's chair. Putting a mask of extreme concentration on as to not show her real emotions. She looked at John who was giving the same happy smile to her, though with a slight questioning look as if to say, 'Ready?'.

She smiled and nodded, trying to not let her excitement get the best of her. His smile got even larger - if that was even possible - and he turned back to the helm making all the final touches for takeoff.

"Thirty seconds to departure."

Abby's mind drifted to her little brother. What was he doing? Down on the lower decks of Engineering. No doubt he's nervous. But he'll be fine down there. He's just friendly enough to make a good amount of friends in a quick amount of time. I'll send Link to go in and check on him! He'll be fine. She was snapped out her thoughts by the whirl of the engines getting louder and louder. Good luck, bud.

"Departure in ten, nine, eight, seven,..."

Goodbye, Dad, Mom, Girls. I love you.

"...four,"

Here.

"three,"

We.

two, 

Go.

"One."



~O~
(OK! So I hope nobody minded I took the liberty of finally getting this ship outta orbit! Couple of quick notes:
-If I accidentally wrote any part of this in first person, I do apologize! If I didn't pay attention then I would start writing in first person completely unintentionally because it's simply what I'm used to.
-Also, if I didn't specifically point out your character, it was because I didn't really have the time and I felt like that might drag it out a bit much. Plus I wasn't exactly sure who was actually on the Bridge and who wasn't.
-If anything get's written in Hector's POV, it will likely be me writing it because he's not much for writing. But if he ever does take up his character, it will likely be very different considering our writings and imaginations are very different from each other. ((I actually really am hoping he takes up his own character(s)!!))
Sorry for the long wait, and I can only hope I met everyone's satisfaction for the takeoff. YOU'RE WELCOME TO WRITE YOUR OWN! This was simply in the Commander's POV.)

Post #141:  Missymoo posted at Thursday, October 10th, 2013, 02:40 AM:
Breezy ran as fast as she could towards the Outsider she was thinking "I must not be late." Behind her galloped Pinch her pet zebra.
Breezy reached the ship just in time to get on board. 
As soon as she got on board Breezy changed her color so nobody would notice her as she looked for a hiding place. She soon found what she was looking for a storage room but in her hast to find a hiding place she had forgotten about Pinch.
Pinch had not been able to keep up he had gotten on board all right but had not been able to keep Breezy in sight. So when he found himself abandoned he did the most natural thing in the World he began to explore but since he did not know where to go he ended up in the kitchens.

Post #142:  Willow Skyrider posted at Thursday, October 10th, 2013, 09:11 AM:
"Three minutes to launch."
Anticure was actively preforming all the necessary preflight-data, and everything looked as near to perfection as a vessel could before it launched.

If there was one thing the Federation did well, it was prep their ships for long journeys.

"Life-support?"
Affirmative.
"Hull-set, Rear-set of thrusters completely functional?"
Affirmative.
"Weapons and Self-defense systems fully functional?"
Affirmative.
"All crew-members present and accounted for?"

A pause.
Negative, all crew of Exploration-Outsider not on ship, unprepared for launch.
"Hold countdown." AntiCure commanded as he searched through the database for the missing-persons.

"One minute to departure." The same voice came over once more.
"I told you to discontinue the countdown!"
Error.
"ERROR?! Computer: Run diagnostic."
Affirmative. Scanning... scanning... scanning... error.

"Computer, set back departure three minutes." Abby ordered, fuming that they were still missing two people. And she knew exactly which two without even having to think hard.

"I'll have your source-code personally erased from this vessel if you claim 'error' again!"
Err- Static. Scan complete. Diagnostic finalized; error resolved. Countdown-reset.

A few moments passed before the computer's monotone voice came through again, "Approved. Three minutes to departure."
She shook her head disapprovingly, just about ready to write off her First Officer completely when felt a small but firm figure bump shoulders with her, catching a glimpse of blue hair fling past. The single fang hanging down under the usual maddening grin.

Anticure felt the familiar touch of a Pilot and he resigned the flight-plan to him. In of all his madness, John's credentials spoke for themselves.

"Thirty seconds to departure."

Post #143:  finnishfinn posted at Thursday, October 10th, 2013, 11:26 AM:
((please do not mind any spelling or grammar mistakes i may make in this post.))
"Thirty seconds to departure." Boomed the speaker. "THIRTY SECONDS?" Shouted Ray. he was supposed to be in the Engineering five minuets ago.

He jumped into his uniform, picked himself up and walked briskly too the elevator doors, jumped inside and went down the lift. 

When he was almost at the bottom, there was a heavy bump, which sent him head over heals out the the Elevator door, where he thumped hard against the ground. He lay there for a few moments with his head in his hands then looked up saw that he was no longer inside the elevator. He quickly stood up and looked around him. There were a few people hear and there, but they took no notice of the scruffy haired dog like creature who was trying to look professional in a suit. He smiled and then he said to himself, "Where do i start?"

Post #144:  Willow Skyrider posted at Thursday, October 10th, 2013, 12:42 PM:
(Stop asking us to ignore them, you're doing wonderfully! I can't see any more than that 'too' should be a 'to', and whenever a character/you addresses him/her/yourself, capitalize the I. )

Post #145:  Imogen posted at Thursday, October 10th, 2013, 04:48 PM:
Ckkela waved her tail gently. "Sure!" She said happily. "I'm always glad to help a human!"

"Six minutes to departure."

Ckkela's ears pricked up. "We'd better find someplace to sit down, then." She turned again to Lee. "Follow me, please. Quarters are at the top of the ship." She turned toward the nearest elevator.

"Five minutes to departure...."


___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________



"Good to have you aboard, Mister Turner."

John beamed up at the Commander. "Its good to be here!"

Excitement swamped him as he turned back to his console. Although it was probably too early to know, he felt that the Commander was a reasonable person, and a strong leader. The way she carried herself spoke of a strength within, making him feel like she was someone who could be relied on. He nodded to himself. A strong Captain, a perfect ship, and a dangerous mission: what more could he ask for?

"Attention on deck."

His thoughts were diverted, his head whipping round. With surprise he saw that an image of a man, dressed in the uniform of the ship, had appeared in the middle of the bridge. He listened attentively as the man, (who, he soon realized [on account of the heightened electrical charge in the air] was not actually a man, but a hologram), described their status, the ship's specifications, and their mission. The hologram also described his own function, before promptly vanishing.

Well... John thought, staring at the spot where the hologram had been. You learn something new every day, I guess....

Out of the corner of his eye he saw Gen standing awkwardly by the arms-console, looking slightly unsure of herself for once, and continuing to stare at the empty spot where Anti-Cure had just been standing.

"One minute to departure."

John felt his fingers itching towards the warp drive, towards the helm. Not yet...

"Computer, set back departure three minutes."

John's head swivled round, a curious expression on his face. The Commander looked grim, annoyed. A quick glance around the bridge showed the First Officer's seat to be empty, as well as the Chief Mechanic's. John frowned. Two ranks he would think least likely to be late.

He watched in amusement as Link came hurtling in, recognizing him from earlier. The First Officer, he did not recognize. He wouldn't forget a face like that!

"One minute to departure."

The Commander was looking at him. John's excitement shone through his face, grinning, eager, ready to leap away and cast off the bindings of the world below them. He saw her nod, and his heart beat faster.
It was time to go.

He whirled around and began flicking switches.

Jumper drive--online.
Resistance buffers--online.
Warp drive--online
Wavelength deferral--online.

"Parking break...." He muttered, switching off the Stationary Docking Manifolds.

They were ready to go.

"Ladies and gentlemen, please take your seats. We are cleared for takeoff." He grinned, glancing back one last time, then turning his gaze to the view-shield. "Lets get this bird in the air!"

Three.
Two.
One.

The engines were roaring. The inexorable blackness of space called.
His hand pressed down on the Warp Drive.

There was a moment of trepidation, where nothing happened. Then a howling roar began, from somewhere below his feet until it reached the glass canopy above, shaking the whole ship. A great pressure pushed him back into his seat and suddenly all that had been clear before--all of their surroundings--blurred into one great streak of light and darkness. It was simultaneously wonderful and terrifying, and in that moment John knew, from here on out, there was no turning back.

Post #146:  Willow Skyrider posted at Tuesday, October 22nd, 2013, 12:08 AM:
"Computer." Anticure addressed his silent companion. "How long until Outsider's arrival at destination by current rate of Hyperspeed?"
Approximately nine hours.
"Acknowledged."

Anticure materialized on the bridge besides the Captain's chair on the right hand-side standing at attention.
"Commander." The hologram addressed Abigail, turning his head slightly. "The ship has informed me that at our current rate of Hyperspeed, added with the distance already covered by the vessel, our destination will be reached within nine hours; barring complications."
"Understood."
She was about to ask something of John, but a thought came to her. "Anticure."
"Aye commander?"
"I was curious..."

"Very well. Return to your post."
"Aye commander."
Anticure fizzled from reality, slowly fading into the ship's mainframe.
"Computer." He momentarily contemplated his request. "Prepare Medbay dock 12 for experiment marked #4-STG."
"Acknowledged. Prep enacted. #4-STG fully accessible within seven hours."

Anticure focused on the entity that was composed of flickering blue lights and blazing streaks of white that leaped from electrical board to surface and returning loaded-down with dozens of bits of data only to drop them within a parameter and leap away to transport more data from various senders to receiver. This ship was much calmer than The Black Knight, that ship was always firing red and black streaks on all cylinders to a background of flashing crimson. It was a true warrior's ship that could leave a trail of wretched havoc mixed with destruction through any squadron the Human-Race had so far discovered in the great Cosmos.

(Yeah, it isn't very much but it should provide a jump-start for a triple post from Abigail, Imogen and myself following that which should end with us either in terrible trouble or at our destination... Unless someone(thing) messes with the ship's systems in between. Then things could get interesting. *Eyes Link or Weirdy*)

Post #147:  Titus2teen posted at Wednesday, October 23rd, 2013, 08:36 AM:
(I know it's not much, but here's something when we get off the ground)
Finally, Kkeut thought. We're off the ground.

Kkeut waited a little before walking out of the command room, heading to the secret panel he found earlier by the training room.

He got his modified handgun from the hidden area, leaving his automatic rifle there, in case he was going to need it later. The funny thing about the rifle was, it order for it to work, you had to be a Psi-user. You didn't have to with the handgun, but it helped if you were.

After putting the gun in his jacket, he made his way make to the Command room. It was always good to be prepared. He would have two handguns(He'd made the pair for himself), but Syn never gave the other one back the last time he saw her. Things got a little crazy on Drotekk VI.
***
Kkeut looked around the Command room, feeling the crew's thoughts.  They're afraid of me. Kkeut thought grinning. All the little rumors floating around in people's head's right now made him feel the closest to happiness he could felt. They didn't know how right they were to be that afraid. 

Kkeut leaned against the wall and enjoyed the little thoughts floating around the room. Well... This looks like it's going to be even more boring trip than I thought...

Post #148:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, October 23rd, 2013, 09:54 AM:
((Just a quick question: Does each crew member have their own individual room? Just wanna clarify, I've been using the single-room in my posts, but I want to be on the same page as everyone else.))

Lee tiredly followed Ckkela, wondering what it would be like when the ship took off. Would she really notice it? It was so huge... She had been in a big jumbo jet before; flying on that hadn't really seemed like she was in the air. Lee breathed a sigh of relief when she finally found her room. "Thank you very much...?" Lee said, an inquiring look on her face. "Ckkela." "Kee-la?" The K-Nire gave a little wag of her tail and a canine equivalent of a smile. Lee smiled back before closing the door to her room and gratefully sitting on her bed.

--------------------------------------------------------------

Link kept around the bridge, just in case he was needed. His eyes traveled lazily over the other crew members there. That guy named Kkeut had just come in; Link wondered why he was grinning. Yeah, I've heard rumors about him... But I'm not scared of him! Okay, maybe he does look a little intimidating...

Sensa, meanwhile, was also eyeing Kkeut. The people they let in the crew... she muttered silently in her head. The First Officer... The Mechanic Link... That Zeranorian... But she would, of course, tolerate them. She had to. Letting out a sigh, she crossed her arms and leaned back against the wall, absorbed in her own thoughts.

Yukan was a bit more friendly. He wanted to greet everyone and make them feel welcome. Perhaps he didn't especially want to greet people like Kkeut and Varya, but it would be against his own personal policy to be rude to anyone. The Xeo-Guerran walked over to Kkeut, a hand stretched. "My name is Yukan. I'm a Weapons Manager." He smiled, brushing his hair out of his good eye.

Post #149:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, October 23rd, 2013, 12:45 PM:
John jumped when the hologram, Anti-Cure, appeared again, this time quite unexpectedly.

"Commander." The hologram addressed Abigail, turning his head slightly. "The ship has informed me that at our current rate of Hyperspeed, added with the distance already covered by the vessel, our destination will be reached within nine hours; barring complications."

John's surprise turned immediately to frustration. Nine hours?! He had to be joking!!! Still, things were chugging along pretty well so far. They had left the base well behind now, and were heading for deep-space at a good clip. John sighed and turned in his chair, back and forth... back and forth.... The computer was on auto-pilot, now that their course was locked in, so there really wasn't much more for him to do, aside from sit here.

He leaned back in his chair, and absentmindedly tossed up an electrical image, moulding it with his long fingers. First it was a human object, a radio. Then a horse (which quickly became a unicorn with dragon's wings), and then, after some thought, a large snake with wings of the same type. He frowned at this for a while, then quickly dispersed it, ignoring Gen's hostile glare. Their planetary drama arguments could be saved for later.
The next image was round, golden, and shining like the sun. It was a planet, populous and thriving, ringed by two moons and clustered in a binary star system. He gazed at it with something like longing, then dispersed it just as quickly. No time for that now: the past was past.

He looked up at the sound of the opening doors. A formidable character strode through, looking powerful and slightly full of himself. John frowned. What was that sardonic smile supposed to mean? He found the man moderately unsettling... but then again, he found Gen unsettling, and the other one was even worse. He sighed again and turned away. No point in conversing with a person like that, at least not yet. I'll leave that kind of warmongering to Gen.
But for safety's sake he put up a mental electrico-barrier: anyone who tried to delve too deep would get a nasty shock.

He just hoped that Gen was doing the same....
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Gen was not at all pleased.
That man was on the bridge: the one who had shoved her earlier, and then refused to acknowledge her presence as she followed him creepily through the ship.
He could have at least turned around and yelled!

But no, things had not gone as planned. Gen fumed, stewing in her own frustration and aggravation, and watching as he took an aloof position at the back of the bridge and then began...
Smiling?! Smiling sardonically and belittlingly, at that! A quick skim of his outer thoughts showed exactly how he felt about each and every member of the crew. Gen's long fingers crackled, little trickles of electricity running up and down their lengths. Time to show him who was afraid or not! She placed a charged hand against the wall, sending a small electric current through to where Kkeut completed the circuit. Not enough to harm him, but enough to give him a shock. Or make him turn and acknowledge her. Either way would be fine with Gen.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

"Thank you very much...?"

Ckkela wagged her tail. "It was no problem." She said quietly. Lee paused, looking confused, and Ckkela realized that she hadn't told her, or many others really, her name.

"Ckkela." She said quickly, embarrassed.

"Kee-la?"

Ckkela wagged her tail again and smiled in response. She watched as Lee closed the door, then she turned and began to make her way to the medical bay.

Better get started... there might be wounded by the end of this.... Tucking her head down, she walked a little faster.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Hours had passed, and, even though he was thrilled to be at the helm, things had gotten a little boring. He had spoken with the red-haired girl, Sensa, who had mentioned an... explosive meeting with Gen. He offered a bit of warning, but she seemed to have already discovered more than enough about the situation. In all honesty she wasn't the most talkative person on the planet. Her partner, Yukan, was more so. He and John had had a lengthy conversation about warp harmonics, which had left him feeling quite welcome and happy. Two of the other officers on deck, Beth and Victoria, the first person he and Gen had met on arrival, he had not said too much to. They seemed preoccupied with their work, and that was fine. As the Commander was the one giving out orders, John felt slightly awkward at the idea of trying to start a conversation with her, so he merely answered her queries and comments with as much of a substitute as he could give. He had no clue how to even begin to think of talking to Anti-Cure. Link had a whole lot to say, and John listened in. The things that the mechanic mentioned about the warp-feild and its workings fascinated him the most.
I'll make a note to learn more about this sometime... He thought pensively, tuning out of the conversation.

As the hours wore by, he began to become less and less involved in conversations, partly because there was not much else to talk about, but mostly it was the fact that, as they went further and further, a feeling of unique fatigue and lethargy began to creep into his bones. At first he attributed it to the strain of the day's experiences, but when he turned around and saw Gen starting to droop, his thoughts jumped to a more malicious cause.
At around seven hours into the journey, he had pinpointed what he thought was giving them these symptoms:

There seemed to be some sort of electrical disturbance, somewhere within a few hours of their destination.

Gen! Are you getting these bio-readings?
There was a pause, then:
Ah-fir-mah-tivveeeee! He's not going to move for anything!
She was still staring intently at Kkeut. John frowned.
I was talking about the electricity. Can't you feel it?
He could see her frown.
Oh. I was wondering why I was starting to feel like a sack of potatoes. What is it?
John shrugged.
Electrical storm? Couple hours from here. Shouldn't be a problem, but do up your electrical barrier, just in case.
Do up... --What?! But I'm just getting to the good part! He looked at me sideways, and I think I'm starting to annoy--
Gen, this is important.
...fine. Have it your way, Ensign.

John sighed, and did up the buckle around his neck. He was feeling slightly warm now, but hopefully this would do the trick. Already he could feel some of the discomfort receding, and his own electrical energy seeping back.

He just hoped that that electrical storm wasn't anything dangerous in itself....

Post #150:  GuitarGurl4God98 posted at Sunday, October 27th, 2013, 11:45 PM:
(This was a combination of mine and Jacob's writing, so a big thank you to the Ferret!)

During the time that the bridge had actually become quiet and settled, Commander Gonzalez had taken the rare opportunity to sit and think without interruption. The same questions kept repeating themselves. Who was this AI, and what was it doing on her ship? She couldn’t understand why there had to be a Battle-class AI on a Scientific-exploration vessel bound for neutral space.

Coincidently, Anticure materialized on the bridge besides the Captain's chair on the right hand-side standing at attention. ‘Speakin’ of the devil….’

"Commander." The hologram addressed Abigail, turning his head slightly. "The ship has informed me that at our current rate of Hyperspeed, added with the distance already covered by the vessel, our destination will be reached within nine hours; barring complications."

"Understood." She was about to ask something of John, but a thought came to her. "Anticure."

"Aye commander?"

“I was curious..." Here she paused, and walked over to a more secluded part of the Bridge. This Anticure's image that reflected from an array of projectors placed throughout the bridge followed her. "You see, I was never informed of you. I don't even have any recollection of a program such as yourself being needed on The Outsider. And though I remember The Black Knight of course - I even went aboard a few times while it was being built - I don't remember hearing anything of an AI, even then during its earliest stages. Explain."

“The supreme admiral had received ambiguous communications from traveling ambassadors related to the tentative Xephorium boundaries enclosing the anomaly.” Anticure explained. “Hence during a closed-door conference between himself and several other high-ranking naval officers, he reached the conclusion that should a threatening situation arise, the Outsider would have an increased chance of survival should a Battle-class AI be deposited into the mainframe and the ship itself be retrofitted with defense-grade weapons, and so equipped to defend itself from enemy warships.” He stated matter-of-factly.

Abby thought this over in her mind for a moment. The Xephorium aren’t usually ones for creating chaos, though perhaps there was a war on brink that she was not yet aware of. Additionally she considered the fact that Supreme Admiral Friedrich had instigated a Closed-door briefing without her presence.

"Very well. Return to your post."

"Aye Commander." Anticure fizzled from reality, slowly fading into the ship's mainframe.

Just as he had finished dissipating, she felt a familiar hand come and pat her shoulder in a rough manner.

 “Hiya, buddy-ol’ pal! What’s cookin’? His charmingly annoying grin gracing his face. Link….

************************************************************************************************************

She flipped through her datapad over and over, looking for any sign or warning of anything on the Xephorium. She found nothing. Not a single word had been mentioned about it. How she wished she could strangle the blasted Admiral’s thick double-chin, or rip his scraggly salt-and-pepper beard out by the roots.The Commander was feeling irritated by the current situation. Almost as much as she was irritated by….

“Mister Turner, what is that highly irritating noise, and can you please shut it off?!” She said, trying to contain her obviously hot temper, and coming to stand at the side of the lanky captain seated at the helm while striking a finger towards the blaring alarm.

(Lee, in an answer to your question: I'd say everyone would likely have a bunk-mate. While the ship isn't small, I wouldn't say it'd be big enough to host everyone in their individual rooms. That's just my thought though, everyone else may think differently.)

Post #151:  Imogen posted at Monday, October 28th, 2013, 10:05 PM:
John ran a hand through his hair, looking queasy. Although the electrical barrier had helped with the symptoms, some of it was still getting through: he felt woozy and his head hurt.

It had to be one powerful storm.

When the beeping first started, John was tuned out to all of his surroundings, looking quite like a rumpled pigeon, or a slightly disoriented cat who's dinner had not quite agreed with him. Yet slowly, the noise grew louder, piercing through his discomfort and pounding in his head, in time with his cranium's painful throbbing. He blinked slowly, looking down at the control panel. The navigation screen was whirling in a menagerie of crazy non-patterns, scattering like so many disturbed chickens. A line of red text was flashing across the middle of the screen.

"ALERT! ALERT! ALERT!"

Groaning, John sat up, wishing he hadn't. He poked the screen, but nothing happened.
Probably just a malfunction... He thought hopefully. But he knew, somewhere at the back of his mind, that this was not so. He began to fiddle around, trying to locate the source of the problem, but nothing happened.

“Mister Turner, what is that highly irritating noise, and can you please shut it off?!”

John yelped in surprise, jumping up in his chair, then moaning softly as his body protested that action. The commander stood at his shoulder, looking extremely irritated. She raised a quizzical eyebrow at him as if to ask, Are you all right?. Embarrassed, John ran his hand through his hair again and looked away, his ears burning red. Looking back at the alarm, he frowned.

"I'm not... sure. I don't know what's wrong; I've tried shutting it off, but--" He was cut off by a new message.

"ALERT! DANGER: UNABLE TO COMPENSATE FOR COSMIC PULL...> UNABLE TO CORRECT> ERROR>>"

John's eyes widened, and he glanced at the Commander, who had an equally uneasy look in her face. Sitting up straighter and ignoring the queasy feeling which swept through him, he began typing madly at the console, his long, thin fingers flickering like spiders' legs across it's surface. After a moment, the navigation screen flickered, then corrected itself.
And the data came in.

Staring at the little screen, John's face turned a not so delicate shade of ashen white. He tried changing the frequency of the scanner, but the data remained the same:

"ALERT! WARNING: THIS SHIP WILL ENTER THE ANOMALY IN LESS THEN 20.25 MINUTES. TIME REMAINING FOR EVACUATION: ERROR! ERROR! ERROR!"

"I think we have a problem." He whispered hoarsely.

Post #152:  Willow Skyrider posted at Monday, October 28th, 2013, 10:45 PM:
Anticure was being thrown about inside the Outsider's mainframe as the computer ceaselessly declared ALERT!
"Computer: Sile-"
Negative.
ALERT! ALERT! ALERT!

Anticure wished he had ears so he could stuff them full of cotton. He forced the Computer to set up the Bridge's hologram, but just as he was forming on the bridge the Computer overrode it and his image shattered.
"COMPUTER: DISENGAGE." He commanded less than calmly.
ALERT! DANGER: UNABLE TO COMPENSATE FOR COSMIC PULL...> UNABLE TO CORRECT> ERROR>>

Some of the chaos was subdued as John wildly tampered with the Core-Code, and Anticure was grateful for the lessened irritance, but there wasn't anything that he could do while the Outsider's obviously malfunctioning computer's proximity alert sounded it's wearisome tone of warning. A strand of data ran through his banks. Maybe there was something he could do! He retreated into the Mainframe of the Mainframe, the very heart of the technological centre. The Command Center for the entire ship's electrical system that was solidly locked for all times except dire emergencies. From here he could, had the proximity alert not been designed to overrule his control of the vessel, activate his secret project that he instigated near the beginning of their travels.

"Access Request."
A moment of thought.
Limited Affirmation.
:This had better work.:
"Computer: Query access-lock on Medbay dock 12."
Affirmative. Access unhindered.
Anticure relaxed, that meant his idea was possible, but he would have to work quickly. He shuttled himself from the Data-Centre into the Medbay's operational minicentre and from there begin his prototype's activation.
Pound-Four-Hypen-"Start The Guardian."

ALERT! WARNING: THIS SHIP WILL ENTER THE ANOMALY IN LESS THEN 20.25 MINUTES. TIME REMAINING FOR EVACUATION: ERROR! ERROR! ERROR!

"I think we have a problem." John whispered hoarsely.

Post #153:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, October 29th, 2013, 06:50 PM:
ALERT! ALERT! ALERT!

Link's head jerked up from his arms. He had, erhem, been snoozing against a wall in the bridge, though trying to not look like it, when the loud blare of an alarm blasted all dreams from his head. The message flashed glaringly red in his eye.

ALERT! DANGER: UNABLE TO COMPENSATE FOR COSMIC PULL...> UNABLE TO CORRECT> ERROR>>

You see, Link had connected his internal computer to that of the ship's, so that if anything happened, such as engine failure or some such head-mechanic related problem, he would know. He certainly knew now. "Blasted--! Ow!" he muttered as the alarm blared in his head. "I get it, I get it!"
Link screwed his eyes shut and uselessly pressed his hands against his ears. "Computer, contact ship AI AntiCure. Message: Need your plan of action. Contact me immediately."

ALERT! WARNING: THIS SHIP WILL ENTER THE ANOMALY IN LESS THAN 20.25 MINUTES. TIME REMAINING FOR EVACUATION: ERROR! ERROR! ERROR!

"I think we have a problem." John whispered hoarsely nearby, but Link barely heard him. His eyes were still screwed up as in his head he ran through the ship's plans and radar. Evacuation was... not very possible. The storm's pull was enough to drag in the Outsider. Any escape pods would not have the power to escape. "Think, think, think..." Link muttered. As head mechanic, he felt he had a duty to make sure the Outsider always functioned to the best of its ability. If its best ability was to escape this storm, then Link would help it do that.

Post #154:  Willow Skyrider posted at Tuesday, October 29th, 2013, 07:38 PM:
(Lee, you're a mind-reader! *Takes yarn and runs with it*)

Mechanic.
Link spun around and tried to find out who owned the voice that just spoke. "Wha-?"
Report to Medbay D-12 if you wish this vessel to have any chance of survival.
"Anti-" He was about to finish, but clamped his mouth shut as another barrage of Computer-Gibb rang inside his head before he cut the connection; he had gotten the message.

ANOMALY PROXIMITY: 18.00 MINUTES.

He bolted down out of the bridge, flew over the short stairs that lead into the bridge, and darted down the Main-hall, hung a right, then immediately clutched the metallic pole that stretched from the main-hall down to the minor-bridge's hallway on the second level. His feet hit the surface with a solid thud and then he ran as fast as he could on the diamond-patterned, iron-wrought bridge before skidding to a stop, turning to his left and shoving his weight against the door leading out into the bay-area.

The weighted door groaned as it opened and Link shoved past two of the cargo-loaders following Commander's commands to secure all of their equipment before they passed into the storm. He ran across the short platform, then turned down onto the stairway and turned left, leaping down this set of stairs, and then again down a staircase to the left from there. He raced through the bay-area, noticing how much scientific equipment they had, All this for a Cosmic-storm? and entered his code on the hydraulic doors leading to the Third-level; Medical-Bay, the engine room and several utility closets. With a gasping noise the two doors unlocked and swung themselves open, Link was already inside the horlevator and speeding across the length of the ship when the doors shut.

After Link entered the hallway out of the Cargo-bay, he tapped a circular button on the right-hand side wall and two black doors opened with a woosh. He stepped inside, the doors sealed themselves shut and the contraption, a sideways-moving elevator (Which Link dubbed the, 'Horlevator') moved him along until it arrived near the tail-end of the ship. Here he got out of the horlevator and turned to the left, facing the nose. He walked past two or three doors, looking for the one marked, "MedBay." Past that door was a hallway with several more doors trailing both sides of the wall, numbered one through twelve in alternating order.

When he found the door, across the hall from the horlevator, he pushed through and groaned having expected room twelve to be nearest to the entrance. Hurrying to the end of the hall and turning right, into the twelfth room, Link came face to face with what he could only assume was an android. The room was big enough for a Patient's-recliner chair, a backless-rolling chair for the attending physician, a table on the patient's left-hand side against the wall and a computer-desk for the doctor nestled under a shelf against the wall on the patient's right and behind him. There was enough room for a man to walk around the room comfortably, though the space behind the recliner was a bit tighter.

"Anticure?"
Engage the computer to the left of Guardian. Anticure commanded, obviously referring to the metal-tin-can lying on the medical bed.
"Uhh... Okay." He walked over to the screen and observed as much information as he could from it.
I will need you to run diagnostic tests before I download a synchronization-virus into it. I intend to use this as a precaution should something happen when we enter the Storm. As you've surmised it requires no oxygen to breathe, so should a fracture or other calamity occur, Guardian will be able to resolve it without endangerment to the crew.
This guy's brilliant!
"Alright, tell me what to do."
Enter the main protocol, then enter into the subsidiary...

[**Note to Self: Don't write complicated directories without a map.]

Post #155:  AstroNut posted at Tuesday, October 29th, 2013, 08:29 PM:
Victoria was in the mess hall when the ship-wide alarm started humming. After hours of pouring over data logs and electron scan readouts concerning the anomaly, she had left her workstation on the bridge to grab a drink. She had just placed her cup under the nozzle when an insistent hum began playing over the loudspeakers. 

"Alert...Alert...Alert" the computer was droning. The scattered crew in the mess hall looked up, perplexed. There was murmuring, the engineers and technicians glanced around, wondering what could be wrong at this early stage of the journey. A feeling like static electricity impregnated the atmosphere.  Victoria hesitated, unsure whether to return to the bridge or stay where she was. Then suddenly the computer screamed:

ALERT! ALERT! ALERT!

"Battle stations!" someone cried, but no one needed to be told. Drinks were spilled, datapads abandoned, and tables overturned as the crew fled the mess hall and rushed down the white hallways to their stations. In the few seconds it took them to cross the ship, they could hear the computer's calls growing in urgency:

ALERT! DANGER: UNABLE TO COMPENSATE FOR COSMIC PULL! UNABLE TO CORRECT! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR!


Victoria burst onto a bridge in fevered action. Commander was yelling orders, the AI hologram flickered in and out of existence randomly across the bridge. Victoria ran to her console and jammed on a headset. As soon as she did so the tech next to her leaned in. 'Oh, whew, Cochran, there you are-" 

"What's going on here? Did the plasma manifolds collapse or something?'

"Just take a look at these flux readings." The man jabbed a finger at a readout in a corner of her screen. 

Victoria looked, then looked again. She peered in more intently. "What?! No, that's not right. The electrical interference must be effecting these instruments-" 

"Cochran, we've all got the same readings."

Victoria pushed her wild hair out of her eyes and looked at the table again. On it was the data showing the state of quantum flux the anomaly was in. Currently, the table was showing a state of flux so ridiculously high it would rip a hole in the spacetime continuum in a matter of minutes. "And drag us in..."

"Commander!! Commander!!" Victoria exploded. She got up and ran towards her captain, making her voice as urgent as possible. "Commander, if we get any closer to that anomaly -!!" 

Suddenly every motion on the bridge ceased, and every sound hushed. Victoria dragged her eyes to the front viewport. An ominous red line was flashing across the screen:

ALERT! WARNING: THIS SHIP WILL ENTER THE ANOMALY IN LESS THEN 20.25 MINUTES. TIME REMAINING FOR EVACUATION: ERROR! ERROR! ERROR!

The silence was broken by a hoarse whisper from the helmsman. "I think we have a problem."

Commander Gonzalez, her head hung down, her white knuckles gripping the navigation panel, pulled herself up slowly to face Lieutenant Cochran. 

"You were saying?"

Post #156:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, October 29th, 2013, 09:35 PM:
Despite John's warnings and worries, Gen continued to try and annoy Kkeut, even without her electricity. The symptoms of the cosmic electricity fell away as soon as she did up her electrical barrier, and for this she was at least a little glad, although more annoyed at the loss of her single most annoying (and dangerous, come to think of it) ability.

So it was that the alarm surprised her greatly when it started. Quietly at first, then blaring:

"ALERT! ALERT! ALERT!"

She looked around, her silvery hair standing on end. Everyone looked shocked, staring at one another in stupification. Then suddenly the bridge burst into action. John sat up, (looking ill, Gen thought), and began typing frantically at the helm-console. Gen's attention was grabbed away when Anticure began to form on the bridge.
Thank goodness! Someone who can put things ri--
Her heart stopped; his image shuddered, then fractured into a million pieces and dissolved.

Now Gen began to be really afraid.

She stood uselessly in the middle of the bridge, staring stupidly at the terrible message scrawled across the view-screen.

"ALERT! DANGER: UNABLE TO COMPENSATE FOR COSMIC PULL! UNABLE TO CORRECT! ERROR! ERROR! ERROR!"

She felt a pair of hands grasp her shoulders, then shake her; once, twice.
"Gen... GEN!"

She gasped and blinked, coming to herself. She was shaking. Sensa was in front of her, shaking her and looking deadly serious. "Get down to Engineering, now! We need to make sure that they know what's going on down there!"

Gen nodded sharply, shuddering. Sensa let her go, and she turned and stumbled toward the door, shoving Kkeut aside in her passing. She flung herself through the door and began sprinting down the length of the ship, her long legs carrying her far and fast. She flung herself into the elevator and jabbed the button.

She realized, waiting for the elevator to hit engineering, that she was still shaking. Keep it together....

The elevator door slid open and she pelted out.

Engineering was swamped with people, running this way and that, shouting orders and ducking under large pipes. She couldn't help but pause for a moment to take in its semi-anachronistic beauty: pipes slithering down from the ceiling, warp and hyperdrive conduits rising in cylindrical columns from the ground and linked by curved pipes and hoses and looping twists of wires.

A strange looking creature bumped carelessly into her on his frantic way to the nearest warp conduit. He looked like a mix between a snake and a wolf. Gen snarled and extended her hand, forgetting that she was not currently master of her electrical abilities. She clasped his arm, and he turned around, a snarl rippling across his muzzle, his yellow eyes blazing.

"WATCH IT! If we don't get this thing stabilized, the whole ship is going to cascade into the storm, and then where would we be? And where's that head mechanic when you need him?"

Gen was about to answer just as angrily, when a new message blared through the ship's computer:

"ALERT! WARNING: THIS SHIP WILL ENTER THE ANOMALY IN LESS THEN 20.25 MINUTES. TIME REMAINING FOR EVACUATION: ERROR! ERROR! ERROR!"

Their eyes met, and the snake-wolf nodded sharply. "Right. Help me with the conduit drive."
Gen followed him without question, fear overriding her sense of pride and aloofness.

"ANOMALY PROXIMITY: 18.00 MINUTES."
 
There wasn't much time. 
__________________________________________________________________

Ckkela howled as the ship bucked beneath her, sending her careening into the wall. She had to get to the medical bay! There might be wounded!
The shaking and blaring alarms had started when she was on deck two. Now she didn't know if she would be able to make it down to the med-bay without getting injured, herself!

Oh please, let it be all right....

Post #157:  GuitarGurl4God98 posted at Tuesday, October 29th, 2013, 11:51 PM:
Something definitely wasn't right. Abby had no doubt. And John glancing at her, -- even if only momentarily -- confirmed it. She bent over and leaned in to watch as John worked his magic, her for the most part not even able to comprehend what he was sending into the computer banks. He paused for a moment, the screen flickering. 'Come on, AntiCure....'Abby pleaded silently. 

"Commander!! Commander!!" she heard, coming from across the Bridge, then resonate in her left ear. Out of the corner of her eye she caught a glimpse of the redhead. "Commander, if we get any closer to that anomaly -!!" 

Finally the navigation corrected itself. A sense of relief passed over her momentarily, but it left just as quickly. Data started pouring in, and John seemed to turn almost grey from it.

Suddenly every motion on the bridge ceased. All one could hear was the constant humming of the starship. A message in bold red letters came on screen.

ALERT! WARNING: THIS SHIP WILL ENTER THE ANOMALY IN LESS THEN 20.25 MINUTES. TIME REMAINING FOR EVACUATION: ERROR! ERROR! ERROR!

"I think we have a problem." John croaked quietly.

The Commander dropped her head momentarily, sorting through the waves of everything happening, clutching the navigation panel for support and staring blankly.

After collecting herself a bit more, she slowly lifted her head to see the redhead staring at her, waiting to be addressed. Science Officer by the looks of it.

"You were saying?...." she paused and caught the name on the badge, "Cochran."

"Commander, I-" The ship started shaking furiously, causing the Science Officer to let out a small, startled yelp. The Commanders eyes were darting everywhere, grabbing the back of John's chair in one hand, the other catching Cochran's arm.

A few seconds passed as lights and screens flickered, trying to hold onto any power they could. Finally, they came back on, the ship regaining its composure.

Abby let out a sigh of relief, patting John reassuringly on the shoulder. Cochran looked around a bit, before her eyes locked back on the Commander awaiting instructions. She stood up straight again, releasing John's shoulder -- feeling a strange sense of tingling on where her fingertips had made contact with the Zeranorian's bony shoulder. Then walking over to her Captain's chair, pressed the intercom.

"Attention all decks, this is your Commander. All personnel are to remain calm. We are doing everything we possibly can to ensure the safety of this voyage. Any injured need to make their way to sickbay and check in with Doctor Ckkela. Again, I'm going to remind you to stay calm. All senior officers are to meet in the conference room immediately."

She turned and started briskly walking out of the Bridge, leading Cochran out, and her First Officer in tow. "Mister Turner, you're in charge." She called, locking eyes and giving a reassuring nod.

After the door had shut behind them she turned to the Science Officer beside her, "Cochran, whatever you know, whatever we can do, I need you to tell us." The three all stopped abruptly, another alarm blaring through the speakers.

"ANOMALY PROXIMITY: 18.00 MINUTES"


 "And Fast." Commander Gonzalez continued, rushing the officer along.

Post #158:  PINKPANSIES posted at Wednesday, October 30th, 2013, 01:40 AM:
Bethany was walking down a hall when the  alarm started. She gasped and started running toward the bridge, on the way she saw Ckkela being thrown against the wall.

Bethany ran up and put a steadying arm around her, "Come on Ckkela! We have to get to the Medbay!"

Steadying each other, they made their way down to the Medbay, where Bethany left Ckkela and made her way to the Bridge.

When she got there she quickly looked around and saw that the Commander was not there.
She ran up to John and asked, "What is happening?!"

Without waiting for an answer, Bethany walked quickly out the door to the conference room behind the Commander and others.

(Sorry it's so short.)

Post #159:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, October 30th, 2013, 08:34 AM:
Link was working feverishly according to AntiCure's calm instructions. Enter the main protocol, then enter into the subsidiary... The Head Mechanic nodded as his fingers flew over the computer keyboard. The lights flickered on and off, and the ship jerked every so often, so that the task was not a simple one. In the back of his mind, Link wondered how Lee was doing...

I intend to use this as a precaution should something happen when we enter the Storm. Link frowned. "AntiCure, I know our mission was to check this thing out, but if it's so strong... Do we have to enter the storm?" He'd had an idea of what to do if they needed to pull out - reroute as much of the ship's energy as possible to the reverse thrusters. He mentioned this to the AI, meanwhile his fingers and eyes remained on the computer.

"Bot-check complete!" Link exclaimed. (Diagnostic was a dry word to him.) He turned his eyes to the android. To him, it didn't really seem very special - it wasn't very big, it wasn't very stylish, and it just looked like any other old android.

------------------------------------------------------------

Lee was thrown against the wall in her room. The lights flickered. What's going on?! Then she remembered: The ship's mission had been to investigate a cosmic storm. Could the ship be approaching it?

She exited her room, looking carefully around and clutching the door frame. Would she be able to help with anything? With a yelp, the ship jerked again, and Lee slid down the momentarily slanting hall.

A voice came on over the intercom. "Attention all decks, this is your Commander. All personnel are to remain calm. We are doing everything we possibly can to ensure the safety of this voyage. Any injured need to make their way to sickbay and check in with Doctor Ckkela. Again, I'm going to remind you to stay calm. All senior officers are to meet in the conference room immediately." Lee swallowed heavily and just tried to keep her balance.

------------------------------------------------------------

Yukan and Sensa quickly made their way to the conference room as directed. They ran into and fell into step with the Admiral, First Officer, and Lieutenant Cochran. "Commander, is there anything you would like Sensa and me to do?" Yukan inquired, his voice quite calm. The two Guerrans really weren't ones to panic often; the only betrayal of uneasiness were their eyes, which flicked about often in a nervous way.

Post #160:  Imogen posted at Thursday, October 31st, 2013, 02:44 PM:
Gen was attatching a thick yellow cord to one of the conduit pipes when the shaking started. She staggered, grabbing at the nearest metal cylinder. Her eyes widened and she cast a fervent glance at the ceiling. What was going on up there?!
The lights began to short-circuit, cutting in and out, plunging the engine room into alternating darkness and light. Gen hung on for dear life as the ship continued to buck and sway. Then it finally stopped, and she looked around, the lights coming back on, slowly. Everyone was standing there, stunned, either grasping something (or someone) for support or lying spread-eagled on the ground. Gen felt a hand, furry and large, grasp her shoulder. She turned to see the snake-wolf looking at her, a very serious expression written across his muzzle.

"We have to get going."

She was starting to nod the affirmative, when a voice came over the intercom.

"Attention all decks, this is your Commander. All personnel are to remain calm. We are doing everything we possibly can to ensure the safety of this voyage. Any injured need to make their way to sickbay and check in with Doctor Ckkela. Again, I'm going to remind you to stay calm. All senior officers are to meet in the conference room immediately."

All senior officers? That included her then! But looking around she wondered if it would be better if she remained here. It wasn't as if her opinion was likely to "sway the masses", so to say. Her decision was made for her, however, when the snake-wolf let go of her arm abruptly and began to walk at a fast pace toward the elevator.

"Come on, lieutenant, you heard the Commander!"

Gen stopped, sputtering in a stunned manner. "Wait... but... you aren't... you're just--!"

The snake-wolf turned sharply, his eyes narrowing. "I'm just Head Engineer Delvin Ray to you, Arms-Lieutenant!" Without another word he turned again and walked briskly into the elevator, bracing himself as the ship gave another huge shudder.

Stunned into silence for once in her life, Gen followed.
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

"You were saying?.... Cochran."

The words only barely came through to him. How could this be happening? The anomaly should still be at least three hours away! There was no way within the correct and true laws of physics that it could or should be so close now. Unless....

John was reaching a hand toward the Nav-Systems, when suddenly the whole ship began to shudder and shake. Lights fluttered on and off while the screens crackled and flickered, fizzing quietly. Then, as suddenly as it had began, the shaking lessened, and the natural hum of the ship's engines returned, albeit not without a slightly strained droning to them.

John let out the breath which he hadn't realized he had been holding. The Commander patted him reassuringly on the shoulder. John took some comfort from this gesture--at least they weren't alone: the crew had one another.

"Attention all decks, this is your Commander. All personnel are to remain calm. We are doing everything we possibly can to ensure the safety of this voyage. Any injured need to make their way to sickbay and check in with Doctor Ckkela. Again, I'm going to remind you to stay calm. All senior officers are to meet in the conference room immediately."

John listened, then shifted, watching the senior officers file out of the room. It looked rather empty and lonely without them. He watched the Commander lead them out, when she turned, locking eyes with him.

"Mister Turner, you're in charge." She called to him, giving a reassuring nod.

John's heart leaped in his chest, doing a backflip somersault. In charge? At a moment like this? All remaining color drained from his face and the queasy feeling returned in full, but he nodded solidly, meeting her gaze.
I won't fail you.

He watched them leave, then began to turn back to his post. Another shudder running through the ship made him snap back into focus. What could he do, here and now? He needed to know more. Maybe Link had plans.

His hand slammed down on the intercom. "Link, are you there? This is Ensign Turner, I'm in temporary command. What have you got? What can we do to counteract the pull of this storm?"

There was silence on the other end and for one horrible moment John thought that the intercom system had died; finally Link's voice came through, crackling but distinguishable. Only just, though.

"...reverse thrusters. It should give us enough of an "umph" to get out of here!"

John paused. What?

"Link, I missed part of your message...."

"...power to the reverse thrusters, right?"

John frowned and chewed his lower lip. Seemed like communication was not going to be a reliable asset here.

"Link, can you send me the data stream with this info? Its not coming through."

"....sorry, what?....bit busy...get this thing going! I'll be.....-----------"

His heartbeat and the flatline noise from the intercom rang in harmony in his ears.
No more Link--the intercom had failed.

John whirled around in his chair. What was he going to do? "Oh Getah..." He swore quietly in Zeranorian. What am I going to do?

"What is happening?!" A voice cried to him. He turned and saw Bethany standing there, staring in shock around the bridge. Before he could reply, she turned and ran after the Commander. Well at least she knows what to do... He thought frantically. He closed his eyes. No. Get it together. It's just a piloting job, just like all the others. He tapped the "on-screen" button, and his heart stopped. Just like all the others... except they didn't involve a massive swirling storm of death...

The Cosmic Storm was huge--truly gigantic. From his eye-view he estimated it around one to two hundred light-years up and down, and its length stretched out of range of the view-screen/glass bridge-dome. It was roiling, raging, furious and unrelenting. Plasma sparked and burned within, while arcs of pure energy lanced continuously across it's surface like little sparkles on an ocean when seen from above. There was a darkness within it also, a fierce darkness that John could almost see. Dark matter? Temporal by-energy? He didn't know, and that scared him.

"All right. Lets see what we can do."

The intercom wasn't working properly, but he was darned if he couldn't make a data-stream run! Feeding some of his own electrical energy into the system, he sent a data-stream with Link's plan (as much as he had heard of it, anyway) and the current situation to the Commander.
He couldn't act without confirmation, but there wasn't anything anyone could do to stop him from setting the systems up!
His fingers flew over the console.

"Computer, access the main warp-nissels."
Access denied. Authorization code required.

"WARNING! ANOMALY PROXIMITY: 13.12 MINUTES"

"Ensign Authorization Code 2675136!"
....Access granted.
"Prepare for full-reverse thrusters."
...Accessing full-reverse thrusters.

John frowned, and looked back at the storm. Link knew what he was doing, but this was like no other storm he had ever seen. If the gravitational pull was too great... John shook his head.

No. This had better work.
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

The air had become brittle and static with the electricity from the storm. Rushing along the corridors to the bridge, Gen unsuccessfully tried to block it out. I wonder how John is coping...? She mused, with a hint of worry.

Gen and Chief Engineer Ray came onto the bridge, only to find that the senior officers had vanished. Much to Gen's surprise, Ray led the way to a door on one side of the bridge. "This way, they'll be in here."
And indeed they were.

"Cochran, whatever you know, whatever we can do, I need you to tell us." The Commander was saying. Gen glanced at the Scientific Advisor, feeling slightly desperate for some answers and advising at this point.
The ship shook again, and she grabbed the back of a chair.

"And Fast." The Commander said grimly.
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

After being so kindly assisted there by Beth, Ckkela burst into the med-bay clutching at the door to keep from falling. "I'm here! Sorry I was..." She trailed off. The room was empty. "late...?" She finished quietly. The K-nire padded softly around the main room, but no matter where she looked, there were no other medical officers to be seen. She thought she heard something down the med-bay chamber hallway. It must be the ship... everything is so noisy right now.
She whined slightly. Where was everyone?

Grabbing a data-pad, she began to search through the crew-rossiter. Maybe she had met some of the other medical officers, and she could ask around for them in engineering? Maybe they were just stuck on other floors and couldn't get down because of the turbulence and the malfunctions. But as she searched, she realized with horror that there were no other medical officers. She was alone.

The name "Chief Medical Officer Ckkela" had always appealed to her, but now that it was actually happening, she just wanted to go and hide. Why? Why weren't there any others? She was barely out of her residency!

And I'll have to care for the whole crew... what if I fail? What if some of them die? This storm is bad... it could happen. Oh dear, what have we gotten in to?! She shook herself, turning to the equipment and beds. No... now is not the time for that. You have to get things ready--there might be injured. She reached out and pulled down a bed, readying the emergency supplies.

Just stay calm, its going to be ok... She knew, deep down though, that these were empty words. This storm wasn't going to let them go without a fight.

((Aaaaannnnnndddd that was ridiculously long. :I ))

Post #161:  King Pellinore posted at Sunday, November 3rd, 2013, 04:15 PM:
(Okay, lets give this a go).  

It had been a long time since Jesse MacBrown had left planet Earth.  He had been assigned to wipe out alien races because of the fear of the UN.  His ship was small, but fast; and it was heavily armed with plasma cannons to eliminate aliens.  Suddenly, alarm bells went off in the ship as it neared a large cyclone shaped indention in front of it.  "Wormhole!"  exclaimed Jesse, as he hit the reverse system; but it was too late... 

He woke up several hours later, somewhere in the far galaxy.  "Now this is a fine kettle of fish!" he muttered, as he inspected the damage to his ship which was mild.  He started the engines, and soon was rocketing away into the unknown.  

"It's a cosmic storm!" he yelled when he saw the horrific sight that was nearing him.  As he stared at the black matter, he saw something no one else had.  The source of the storm was a Grimbold, a large, long, monster resembling a Balrog that was created from sheer black matter.  Jesse knew that he had 5 Ultimate Destroyer (UT) torpedoes in his hold, and that 1 of them would destroy the Grimbold and the Cosmic Storm.  He loaded it into the ship's launcher, and fired it.  There was a large blinding flash of light, and the ancient creature was gone.  

But there was another ship out with Jesse, and it saw him.  It pulled him into the loading bay, and closed the cargo-doors.  Jesse cocked his plasma rotary-pistol; he didn't go down without a fight.

Post #162:  Imogen posted at Sunday, November 3rd, 2013, 05:19 PM:
(Hey there king! Just a reminder (not sure if you saw) at the beginning of this thread we set out a specific plot for our ship: that they will be thrown across the universe by a cosmic storm. Your character doesn't necessarily have to be, but most are part of the outsider already (e.g. John [my character] is the pilot, while Fox is a stowaway. I would suggest writing in cannon with the current storyline--maybe read back a bit deeper, see how things have built up to this point.  also, we're trying to stay away from other story realms (Star Trek, Star Wars, Doctor Who, etc...) so be careful with that (I've made that mistake repeatedly with using "Warp drive" DX). Hope I've helped! : ) ))

Post #163:  King Pellinore posted at Sunday, November 3rd, 2013, 05:21 PM:
Ooooohhhhh.  Okay.  Gotcha.  I'm pretty new to this so I need all the help I can get.

Post #164:  Imogen posted at Sunday, November 3rd, 2013, 05:32 PM:
(No worries! We're all a little new to this particular style! I was such a sad rper when I first started! It's just practice, and reading into the story and other people's characters.  : )

Post #165:  King Pellinore posted at Sunday, November 3rd, 2013, 05:43 PM:
T'anks.

Post #166:  Willow Skyrider posted at Sunday, November 3rd, 2013, 10:34 PM:
"Bot-check complete!" Link exclaimed.
Anticure fell out of the connection for a few minutes as the ship's power flickered once, then twice. It was naturally to be expected, so it didn't cause more than the necessary amount of panic through the Engine-room as the specialists fought to regain control of the now touchy-electrical systems, but soon their efforts would prove to have been futile.

When the ship at last seemed to be back under control and the systems were within the acceptable parameters, Anticure returned to the computer in the Medbay. "Mechanic, I'm going to download a version of myself that I just created into the Android and place the original myself under a Hibernation-command until I return to the ship's mainframe after the Storm. Located on the back of the Android's head there is a panel, open it."

Link blinked once then hurried behind and tapped the panel open. "Okay, now what?"
"On my mark, flip the switch up and depress the green button for three seconds then release it. A prompt will appear on the computer and you must answer to the affirmative in all the required options or else this copy will be lost, and the ship will be without an AI until one of the crew can restart my necessary-protocol. Understood?"

He nodded. "Yup!"
Anticure filed a few last important data-holds and then started the Transfer-procedure, at the end of which he would either wake up in Guardian, or he would be unconscious until he was restarted, or completely forgotten.
"Excecute."
Acknowledged. Executing command, #4-STG.
The computer screen flickered, causing Link to turn back and watch it with slightly-piqued interest, and then with a flash the display transformed into thousands of lines of vertically-scrolling code that seemed to contain everything from proper CO2/O2 levels for appropriate survival-levels for the crew, to the complete listing of the Outsider's crew, their trajectory course into the storm; and through the other side.
Just before Anticure initiated his transfer, the Outsider's sensors had completed a preliminary scan and discovered that the storm was beginning to change some of its chief-characteristics, and evolve into something else.

Anticure sent a relatively large line of code with, "Execute, Mechanic." slapped in bold at the end of it right front of Link's nose.

Link snapped out of his admiration of the seemingly endless lines of code falling out of view and stared at the backside of the Android's head. "Was it flip the switch then push, or push then switch?" He fought with his memory and decided on pulling the switch first, then pushing the button until a loud BEEP came out of the 'Bot and its robotic eyes sparked open. "I DID IT!" he shouted before returning to the computer and finalized the technicalities of the transfer.

"WARNING! ANOMALY PROXIMITY: 8.00 MINUTES"

Link looked up at the sudden voice and leaned over the 'Bot's side. "Anticure? Can you hear me?" He rattled his fist on the Bot's skull.
Anticure, now located completely within Guardian's technological skeleton, lifted his huge metal fist and clenched the knuckles. "Affirmative, Mechanic."

Post #167:  Titus2teen posted at Monday, November 11th, 2013, 01:02 PM:
(I'm not completely happy with it for some reason, but it'll move the story along. Hopefully enjoy.)
I gotta learn to keep my mouth shut.

Kkeut was trying to stay somewhat steady within the turning and tumbling of the ship, not exactly succeeding as he'd planned. 

Of course I'm in the ship that gets pulled into a cosmic storm. Just another day in my stupidly wonderful life.

Kkeut made his way to the room/hall that joins the computer with the engine room, and finding the cord that gives power to the engines, he snapped it in two. A loud warning sounded afterward, stating the obvious to Kkeut. 

Now that there's no engine power, we have to get pulld into the rift. Sure it might be unconventional, but it'll sure lose the people tailing me. Regardless what happens to the crew.

Kkeut turned to open the door, when a switch in his head went off, his 'sixth sense', warning him to move. Kkeut dodged from in front of the door just in time as the body of the mechanic hit the floor inside the room, followed by a Android who seemed to be in  a bad mood. Good. thought Kkeut.

Kkeut wasted no time in grabbing the wire he snapped, and focusing with his mind arced the electricity from the wire to the Android who convulsed and fell to the floor. Kkeut came out from his hiding place grinning. Too easy.

"Compensating for damages." The android rose to it's feet, taking a swing at Kkeut's back, which Kkeut instictively dodged, hitting the android with a Psi pulse in mid air. The Android took a step back, not falling down, much to Kkeut's dismay, and readied itself for further confrontation by extending a metal rod that sparked from it's arm.

"Oh come on, seriously!?" Kkeut yelled in exasperation. This was gonna be harder than he expected. Kkeut promised himself not to use his Psi powered handgun this fight, he always enjoyed a good fight, and this one was gonna be fun.

Post #168:  Willow Skyrider posted at Monday, November 11th, 2013, 02:27 PM:
(No more fighting the AI, Crewmates )
(Allen, why would there be "people" following someone on a Scientific exploration vessel? And why would he want to get sucked into a giant whirling storm of electrical death?)

Compensating for damages.
"Engage."

Anticure heaved himself to his feet and swung at Kkuet, calibrating his new-found strength with each movement. Kkuet instinctively dodged the attack but then leapt at the Android and struck him with a Psi-pulse as he leapt past; it barely held an effect as evidenced by the fact that Anticure still stood defiant.

"SERIOUSLY?!" Kkeut yelled in exasperation, overtaking this ship would be harder than he thought it would be.
"Disengage from this campaign."
Kkuet chuckled darkly. "Make me, Tin-can."

"Understood." Anticure knew that he had a distinct advantage; or he did, until his systems registered that one of the Outsider's main power conduits had been severed, not an easy task he admitted, but somehow this boy had managed to do it.

Anticure took a lunging step forward and as he predicted Kkuet took a step backwards and prepared another Psi-strike, but unlike last time he didn't leap, he simply stood there, waiting. They were both well sanctioned in the code of battles, but only one of them had once been the chief AI of a worn-torn Federation Battle-class.

Anticure had almost completely calibrated himself to the limitations of his new shell and only needed a few more bits of data. He could see the black scar that the Psi-strike had left across his torso, but other than simply discoloring the chassis, it didn't seem to have a negative effect on him.
Enemy; weakness; right side, lower torso. The AI inside the chassis spoke privately to its inhabitant
"Identify." Anticure commanded and a flashing red appeared on Kkuet's side.

Kkuet saw a red light peek out from under Anticure's shoulder armor and glanced down at his side, seeing that it was mostly bathed in light. He stared at the robot. "What are you doing?!" The Psi-evaporated from his hand as he tried to avoid the strange emittance. "Target acquired." Anticure dashed from his footing and brought his left fist barreling towards Kkuet, but he moved in perfect motion to avoid the attack. What he didn't foresee, was that the AI had only used a fraction of what might have been required in such an attack and instead redoubled his efforts with his right foot and brought it slamming into his adversaries chest, slamming him against the wall with a sickening thud, electrical energies splitting from his body.
"Target neutralized." Anticure walked towards him and gripped his shirt in his mechanical grasp.

Kkuet focused what remaining Psi he could gather into his right palm and planted it firmly on Anticure's chest, but it was somehow diffused when it hit the chest. System Calibrated. Anticure lifted his left fist and let it fall across Kkuet's temple, knocking him out of consciousness. "Mechanic," Anticure turned around to face Link. "Are you unharmed?"

"I... think so."
Guardian nodded before dropping Kkuet onto the deckfloor and examined the damage he had caused.
"Mechanic, I would like you to examine this and make a full report to the Commander, she should know that our chances of escaping the Wormhole have been significantly lowered." He stood up again, rearing to nearly six feet tall out of the eight feet allowance of the tunnel. "I will bring this traitor to the Bridge and wish him dealt with accordingly." Guardian, as unkindly as he could without real harm, plucked Kkuet's body from the ground, flipped him around and trapped him between his left arm and his torso, and started off towards the staircase, which he ascended then entered and exited the Horlevator, and then ascended to the Bridge, the seal doors opening with a light woosh.

"Commander," His autonomous voice spoke. "I wish to bring a detail to your attention."

Post #169:  Imogen posted at Monday, November 11th, 2013, 03:34 PM:
Ckkela jumped. What was that?! It had certainly come from down the hall, she knew it this time!
She poked her head out of the door, then closed it quickly. A large robot was clunking past, a body under its arm. Her eyes widened and she dashed out. It turned out of sight. There were other noises though--Ckkela turned and ran toward them.

The man from earlier--the mechanic--was frantically trying to patch a great big hole in the wiring. Ckkela was about to speak when the whole ship began to shudder. Her eyes widened.
"W-what's happening?!"
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

John drummed his fingers nervously on the console, watching as the storm spiraled in front of them.

Beep! Beep! Beep!

He looked down. The data-stream to the Commander had been received and relayed. She had given him the go-ahead on Link's plan.
He leaped into action, his thin fingers flying over the console. Everything was primed and ready. 

"WARNING! ANOMALY PROXIMITY: 5.00 MINUTES"

"Computer: Engage Reverse Thrusters!"
Engaging Reverse Thrusters

There was an audible clunk, and the whole ship shook. Underneath the both "wings" a pair of doors opened. From within two huge warp-nacelles descended, their blue-green 'live' lights glowing brightly, and the cyclone centre spinning with the same color. They hissed, then began to rotate, finally settling into a firm backwards position. John's console was screaming alerts and warnings, but another voice rose above the rest now, a red button flashing every other second.

ACTIVATE! ACTIVATE! ACTIVATE!

Before he could change his mind, or wonder whether this would work or not, John slammed his hand down on the button. The ship began to vibrate, hum, sing with pure energy. John felt it in a rush--a power that pushed against that of the storm, slowly but vehemently, fighting back. His eyes flicked up to the view-dome, and his heart skipped a beat. It was working! It was actually working!
The readings on his console flickered and began to change: the proximity readings were dropping, the alarms weakening in intensity.
John dared to breath.

"We're going to be all right! We're going to be--"

The singing was silenced.

For one terrible moment, the whole ship was still. Not a soul moved.
John's heart stopped and his vision blurred.
No...

Then the alarms rang out in full cry; screeching, screaming, howling, yelling, the blood curdling sound of rending, retching, throaty, violent terror-filled shrieking.

"ALERT! ALERT!ALERTALERTALERTWARNINGMALFUNCTIONALERTSYSTEMSFAILUREALERTALERTALERT`---
--POWERTOMAINENGINESHASBEENCUT--ABORT!ABORT!ABORT!--MAINENGINESOFFLINE--SYSTEMSFAILURE--ABORT!ALERT!SYSTEMSMALFUNCTION!---

"WARNING! ANOMALY PROXIMITY: 4:594:584:574:564:54-3:453:433:42--"

"NO!!!"

John clutched desperately at the helm, fighting for control. The ship spun crazily, whirling in all directions with nothing to stop it. The Storm swung in and out of view; between seconds the expanse of space opening in front of them, then being lost to the image of the swirling chaos.
John swung the helm from side to side, wrenching it this way and that, but it made minimal difference. In desperation he punched all available power to the remaining engines then wrenched the helm back and to the left. The spinning began to slow as he worked counter to the Storm's pull.

"WARNING! ANOMALY PROXIMITY: 3:393:383:373:363:35--"

Its not enough! ItsnotenoughItsnotenoughItsnotenough!!! He wrenched the helm to the right. The storm was hurtling towards them, faster than he had ever thought possible.

They were being pulled in like a bit of trash down the drain!

Post #170:  AstroNut posted at Monday, November 11th, 2013, 05:59 PM:
(Aaaah! THE SUSPENSE!!! Are you trying to give me a heart attack?)
(Oh, and by the way it's "warp nacelles", not "warp nissels" )

Post #171:  Titus2teen posted at Monday, November 11th, 2013, 10:32 PM:
That hurt.

Kkeut's body hurt. He didn't move, using his mind and focusing inwards to numb the pain.

Don't move. Go with it. You want to be found right? As long as you caused this, you're good. Right?

Kkeut had sowed down his pulse to unconscious speed, playing a perfect slump body. Wasn't the first time.

Kkeut admitted to himself that he actually lost consciousness for about half a second, which was more than usual, Kkeut didn't stay out for long, thanks to-whatever it was. That body hit harder than he'd originally thought. Good piece of info that it had Psi dampeners though.

Right..?

Kkeut felt his body lifted up, and moved out of the room. He wasn't going to jump Anti-Cure. He wasn't going to escape. He was going to stand in front of the crew and not answer whatever questions they posed to him, as if he actually knew most of the answers. 

Maybe it would finally be over. Nah. They'd keep him around, to pry on at the least. He felt the Horlevator activate. It was coming. Kkeut felt the bruise on his chest, and the blood trickle down his temple. No pain in the least thanks to concentration, but he knew they were there.

Whoosh.

He heard the doors open. This was gonna be his moment. About time.

"Commander, I wish to bring a detail to your attention."

The ship lurched. Anti-Cure swerved to the left, not letting Kkeut go, them both slamming against the wall. The ship started spinning faster and faster, people were rolling back and forth, and Anti-Cure wasn't moving off the wall, keeping his grip on Kkeut.

Here we go. This might hurt a little. Thought Kkeut, finally what he'd been waiting for. This is want you want...

........Right?

Post #172:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, November 12th, 2013, 07:37 PM:
((Uh, I'll admit, I got a little lazy writing this... Dunno if it's real good or not.))

Well this really puts a twist in things! Link's eyes were wide. The engine's main power line had been snapped in two. The ship shuddered, lights flashing on and off, alarms blaring. Link frantically tried to restore the line, whipping tools out of his belt, twisting internal wires, singing his fingers.

The ships gave a giant shudder. "W-what's happening?!" said someone nearby. Link looked up to see the K-Nire from earlier. At the moment of distraction, the ship tried to send power through the line; the electricity raced through the metal line and up into Link's fingers.

Link screamed as the electricity raced through him. For a moment the shock and power was too great for him to move; his hands remained locked on the cord. Warning Warning Warning! External input of electricity exceeding safety limits. Computer will shut down in 5 seconds. Body will shut down in 10 seconds. Warning Warning Warning!

The mechanic felt a tug, and the pain stopped. He lay, chest heaving, on the ground, his vision dark. His whole body tingled in an unpleasant way. The face of his rescuer came into focus.

"Are you okay?! Please say something!" Ckkela shook his shoulders gently with her paws. "Man, I'm gonna get fired for that..." he muttered. "Can't repair to save my life! Literally... Heh..."

Internal damage: 62%. Sufficient rest is recommended. Link groaned, struggling to sit up. Rest would be later; now, he had a ship to fix and save.

The mechanic stumbled to his feet, despite Ckkela's protests. I might have to just shut off power to this area... I'd have to work in darkness, but at least there'd be no risk of shock again... The mechanic went to work accordingly, trying hard to fix the power.

Post #173:  Imogen posted at Friday, November 29th, 2013, 05:53 PM:
(I'll put a bit of fodder into this fire....)

The ship made a barrel roll and Gen crashed into the wall. She pushed herself back, trying to compensate for the sudden pitching and bucking of the floor benieth her feet. The lights began to flash and flicker again, and she ran into someone, grabbing their shoulders hard in an attempt to steady herself.

"Watch it!" A voice snarled. The lights sparked and Gen caught of glimpse of bright blue hair, pointed ears, and an extremely unamused expression.

Gen shoved the other girl away and grasped at the back of a stationary chair. The lights blazed back on, revealing everyones' helper-skelter positions. The ship slowly stopped jolting so wildly, and Gen risked letting go of the chair. Then everything went quiet.

All at once the lights died, and what small amount of control there had been vanished in an instant. The washing machine action started up again, worse than before.

What are you doing, John?!

Gen pressed herself in between the wall and a chair, and raised her hands. A flare of electricity lanced out over them, shedding some small light over the room. Everyone looked slightly panicked now. Gen could feel her own heart hammering in her chest. She could almost feel them being sucked in by the Storm's gravitational pull. Slowly the ship regained some control, and they were able to regain their feet. But it wasn't over yet.

Staggering to the window as the Commander helped the Chief Engineer to his feet, Gen could barely believe her eyes. Stars were flying by them at a fearsome pace, and the Storm was getting larger by the second. The electricity at Gen's fingertips flickered and died.

"Commander. We have a situation here."

The Commander turned to look out of the window, but another voice cut through the moment.

"Commander, I wish to bring a detail to your attention."

They turned to see who had spoken. Gen's eyes widened, and her eyes narrowed. It was a large robot, and under its arm was tucked the "Dark and Mysterious and Completely-Impervous-to-Electrical-Annoyances dude" from before!

Gen looked to the Commander as the ship began to buck again. She had an odd, sinking feeling about this.

Post #174:  Willow Skyrider posted at Friday, November 29th, 2013, 11:31 PM:
Guardian stared out the observation-deck windows and right into the heart of the storm. KKuet had started to become curious why he was being ignored so he started to squirm around to get a glance at the diversion. As soon as he had twisted enough to get his head right-ways forward, he dearly wished he hadn't.

As Guardian stared into the storm the ship's lights flickered, and then died. Gen tried to illuminate the console with her own electricity, but she shifted over to the observation deck and her light died as she stared at the stars rushing past them at an impossible speed. The typhoon of deadly, electric-blue sometimes blinding white flashings of unearthly bolts of lightning bearing more than a ton of gigawatts per strike struck each other mid-bolt and crisscrossed this way and that, making it seem more like an Egg-slicer at the base of a giant tunnel, waiting for the ship to just dare touch it and get cauterized into a million tiny little sizzling pieces.

Abigail turned her horrified expression away from the immense storm of flashing bolts to the robot and stared at him with shock mixed with confusion, then her eyes fell to Kkuet, tightly held by the giant but who's attention had been transfixed by the amazing sight before the ship. "Commander, I've studied the predicament and I've surmised that my detail can be allowed to wait." He glanced down at Kkuet, and observing that he had never really been subdued into sleep, let him fall to the ground. If he attempted to overtake the ship it would be childsplay for the amount of crewmen, neverminding the half-ton moving bucket of steel and bolts, to overtake him and make sure, if it came to the point of such, that he wouldn't wake up again.

IMMINENT: SCIENCE-VESSEL MARKED "OUTSIDER" TO COLLIDE WITH ANOMALY.
ENERGY SYSTEMS FAILING RAPIDLY.
ESTIMATED TIME UNTIL COLLISION: TWO MINUTES

Post #175:  Fox813 posted at Monday, December 2nd, 2013, 12:19 PM:
(The Outsider is about to crash...right as I come back...Well, it's like the government shutting down when we went to DC)
So, Fox and Tray were... Sleeping! Yeah, sleeping the entire time I was gone. But the are awake now! So...um...? 

Fox ran towards the control room. Whoever was flying this thing was doing a terrible job! He saw a robot in the doorway. Glancing in the room he saw the scary lightning lady and had second thoughts about entering.  Maybe... I should find an escape pod instead. I don't need to help these guys. No one has seen me yet, so...



Tray found Link working on the engines. There was a K-Nire there as well. Tray ran to Link's side. "Anything I can help with?"


It's short, but I'm out of practice!

Post #176:  Autumn Lee posted at Monday, December 2nd, 2013, 12:42 PM:
((I'm barely holding myself back from jumping up and down, ehehe, I'm excited! 
Aren't the colors so much fun!  So many fun colors that I use!))

Ytotia was flying through the sky of Etalpalli, just enjoying the breeze on her face. A flash in the sky caught her attention, bringing her to a hovering halt. "It must be the storm..." she murmured to herself. It had been visible to the planet for days now, not a menace to the Etals at all, but dangerous to any traveling spaceship.

One of which Ytotia saw now -- a dark shape against the bright lightning of the storm. She felt a faint stirring of worry. They shouldn't have been able to get so close; my father's fleet should have helped them by now... What Ytotia didn't know was that the Outsider was on a scientific exploration of the storm, and supposedly able to handle itself.

The Etal swiftly glided to the station with her father's ships. She was glad to see him getting ready to go assist the unknown spaceship. "Be safe, Father," she said, out of habit rather than worry, as he and his crew rose up into the sky.

-------------------------------------------------------------------

IMMINENT: SCIENCE-VESSEL MARKED "OUTSIDER" TO COLLIDE WITH ANOMALY. ENERGY SYSTEMS FAILING RAPIDLY. ESTIMATED TIME UNTIL COLLISION: TWO MINUTES. The red words blared in Link's eye. He looked up dully at Tray and Ckkela. "I... don't think there's anything we can do..." he said hoarsely.

Post #177:  Fox813 posted at Monday, December 2nd, 2013, 06:22 PM:
Tray frowned. He didn't like how Link was so put out. So what if we crash! All that matters is that we have positive attitudes! If we do death won't seem as bad! Tray dramatically sighed. "Woe is I! I am so young and handsome!" He put his hand over his heart. "I feel sad, for the world shall never behold my amazingness again!" He shook his head and closed his eyes. "But, I shall die happy! For, I have met a beautiful princess! Oh, princess Lee! If only I could die for you! Alas, we all shall go the way of the flesh!"  Tray opened one eye to see the reaction. 





(I like posting as Tray! )

Post #178:  Imogen posted at Monday, December 2nd, 2013, 07:38 PM:
Ckkela just stared at Tray with a look of what could only be described as complete terror. How can he be joking at a time like this?! It was at that moment that a strange and terrible groaning began. Ckkela felt the floor beneath her feet shifting like some kind of primordal beast. She looked quickly up at the walls. Slowly, terribly, she could see them beginning to warp under the gravitational pressure of the Storm.

We've got to get out of here! This place could cave any second!

A sudden wave of strength and decision ran through her and she stood up, grasping Link's arm.

"C'mon you two, the ship is warping and we need to get to a stable area!" Where do we go? Where do we go!? Then it hit her. "The further into the ship we go, the longer it will take for the warping to reach us. If we can get further inside, we can help those who are trapped, also."

She slung Link's arm around her shoulder.
"I'm fine! I can walk!" He protested, but the K-nire shook her head a small smile of she-didn't-know-what creeping across her muzzle.

"No, you're wounded and need medical assistance. You'll let me help you--Chief Medical Officer's orders!"
________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Duh-dum...Duh-dum...Duh-dum...

The screams and sounds of panicked, howling, clanging bells were dulled, paled in comparison with the steady beat of his heart.
Locked onto the storm, John's black eyes no longer reflected pain, fear, or desperation, but a steady, commanding determination.
The Storm loomed before him, snarling and laughing in mockery of the tiny tin can that he was trying to keep from destruction. The situation was desperate, dire, and inescapable, and John knew it, even without the malfunctioning alarm screaming in his ear:

IMMINENT: SCIENCE-VESSEL MARKED "OUTSIDER" TO COLLIDE WITH ANOMALY.
ENERGY SYSTEMS FAILING RAPIDLY.
ESTIMATED TIME UNTIL COLLISION: TWO MINUTES.

There would be no way out now; all hints of retrieval and safety had been stripped from them, and not just by the Storm: by one of their own crew! They were left with the bare bones of hope, the sliver of a chance at pulling through the Storm's grasp.
This was no longer about evading the Anomaly. This was about survival.

The Zeranorian wrenched the helm to the right, barely avoiding a gravitational eddy. A jet of plasma flew at the viewport, hiding from view the massive, roiling tempest for a moment. John pulled up, driving them back into open space. The pull of the storm was dragging them inwards, faster and faster till they reached a fearsome speed. The ship was becoming unruly and a lot harder to control. John swore between his teeth and pulled downwards immediately, missing a huge chunk of space debris by a hair.

WARNING! ANOMALY PROXIMITY: 1:54,1:53,1:52--

Slowly, another noise was penetrating his conciousness. And this one, despite their already dire situation, sent shivers down his spine.

Grrraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrhrhrhrrreeerereeeeeeerrrrrrhhhhhhhrhhhrhrrraaaaarrrrrrrrroooorrrrr....

"Commander!" John dimly heard someone shouting. "The ship! She's warping!"

We've got to get through!

They were so close! So close now! Bolts of electricity were lancing out from the storm's mouth and striking the ship, sending shocks of unwelcome negative electricity through his fingers. The ship's nose was pointed into the storm--there was nothing more he could---
They struck a gravitational eddy with a bang and a percussive groan that jarred John's bones. The ship whirled around, spinning out of control. The viewport was unusable, they were going so fast--a blur of storm and space, becoming indistinguishable. A cold horror seeped into his bones as the helm seized up, unable to cope with that rate of speed. John pulled it from side to side, twisted it hard and hit it with his fist, but it did no good. The cold rose to his chest.

"No..."

The walls were moving. The groaning and creaking rose above the screams of fear, above the tumultuous alarms, above the sound of his own heart.

WA-ARN-ARN-ING-! ANO-M-M-MAL-L-----

"NO!" He shouted hoarsely. His fingers crackled and he slammed his hands into the helm. The energy crackled beneath his fingers, into the wires, into the mainframe, and the helm loosened up, coming back to life. With a snarl he wrenched it backwards. The spinning stopped and the viewport was enveloped in roiling light, dark, pain, fear; roaring, screaming, terror incarnate.
The ship shot into the storm like a bullet... enveloped... lost.

John was moving frantically, desperately trying to dodge the arcs of lightening and the multiple gravitational eddies. But he wouldn't need to for long.

A blinding light pierced the darkness of the tempest. John screwed his eyes up against it, but he couldn't see where it was coming from. It was so bright that he found he couldn't see anything anymore. The ship gave a massive shudder, as if it had hit something, and John's hands tightened on the helm. Then, as if propelled by some massive wave, they catapulted forwards, flung into the centre of the light. Light filled the bridge, filled the storm, filled his mind for one clear second.

Then everything went black.

Post #179:  Autumn Lee posted at Monday, December 2nd, 2013, 07:44 PM:
((Can I just say, your post made me hold my breath, and then... The end left me hanging! Great post! *squeeeee* This is so exciting! *uh, forgive me, but what happened at the end? just wanna be clear and stuff...*))

Post #180:  Imogen posted at Monday, December 2nd, 2013, 07:47 PM:
((  Aww, thanks! *dances around* I know, right?! \o/ They got shot through the storm, across the universe, to where the Etals and a massive space-battle are waiting!
Oh, and John passed out. He'll be back soon enough though... my accident prone characters are good at that by this point.... T.T))

Post #181:  Autumn Lee posted at Monday, December 2nd, 2013, 07:58 PM:
((Er, here's my two cents. *feels weak next to Imogen's post*))

A smile tugged at Link's face as Tray spoke. He's beating me at my own game... Can't let him do that! He knocked Tray lightly on the head. "Well, if you die, there'll still be me to light up the universe with my awesomeness; so don't worry!" he said, grinning.

Ckkela was much more serious about the situation, which was just as well, as the ship began to warp under the storm's pressure. Link protested when she helped him up, but in the end he was grateful. His limbs were still weak from the electric shock he had received earlier.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The ship groaned, a terrible sound that accented the panicked shouts and screams of the ship's crew. No one could stand for long as it bucked back and forth, as the pilot tried desperately to escape the storm's wrath.

No thoughts formed in Lee's head as she sat curled in a ball; only fear filled her mind. A small tear leaked out of her eye.

Link wore a smile and expression of nonchalance. Inside, he only regretted that Lee had to go through this.

Amid the screams and shouts, Yukan and Sensa were quiet and calm. Sensa stared out at the storm, her expression unreadable.
A hand slipped into hers, and she looked over to see Yukan give her a small smile. She gave a weak smile back.

Ytotia watched the storm and the ship, and wondered briefly what fear was.

Post #182:  GuitarGurl4God98 posted at Tuesday, December 3rd, 2013, 02:11 AM:
(So some parts on this are a bit old. I'm sorry for my major procrastination on this post! If anything's wrong feel free to take it out on the Commander. She better at taking a hit....)

"Commander, is there anything you would like Sensa and me to do?" The man who she now reads as Yukon Orbas asks just as everyone makes it to the meeting room, his face etched with concern and warmth.

"We will all be required to do something very soon, I assure you Officer Orbas. How we will go about doing it will still have to come into play." The Commander says locking eye-contact with a few choice officers.

"What's exactly going on?" the Head Engineer asks.

"Do we even know yet?" another exclaims.

Things start to get out of hand as everyone tries to talk over the other, but a quick nod to Lieutenant Cochran and she has taken her stand next to me at the head of the table and while my First Officer takes charge in a menacing tone. "Everybody SHUT UP!"

And like that everyone in the room becomes deathly silent. 

A silent exchange of gratitude is given to her before Cochran clears her throat, "To say precisely what it is at this time can only be an estimate. The anomaly could be anything from a wormhole to a giant storm, or simply even a strong currency of electricity."

"So what are we going to do?" an officer with crazed silver hair asks.

"The only thing we can do." Abigail answers looking straight ahead.

Immediately she can feel everyone's questioning stares.

Another bout of shaking rocks the ship before she can answer. "Stay alive."

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Commander Gonzalez took to standing by the big window at the head of the Bridge. From here she could still hear as John's long fingers commanded different button, switches, and screens so fast she knew it wasn't humanly possible. Of course, Zeranorian is quite the different story.

Studying the the scene in front of her all but confirmed what it was. Cosmic storm.

Of course! My first trip out in a leading position would just so happen to be going into the eye of a cosmic storm! Wouldn't it?

"Everything alright Commander?" a deep familiar voice sounds behind me.

A small smile - mostly sarcastic - graces Abby's face, "Great. Just great."

A small chuckle barely audible leaves her strange-looking friend.

"How are things down in Engineering?" she ask, keeping her gaze to the storm.

Dellvin plants himself next to the Commander, mimicking her gaze, "Hectic, of course." A pause before he adds, "But there's a young man down there who is keeping himself busy. Reminds me a little of you, ya know."

The sarcastic smile - though soft - turns genuine, "You don't say?"

A slight turn of his head, causing his furry ears to flop ever so slightly sends them both back into a comfortable silence before another violent shaking racks the ship, the power cutting off, sending them both stumbling forward. 

After the shaking lessens and the power returns -though only slightly- she quickly reaches for Dellvin's paws, helping him back onto his already-shaky feet. 

"What in the galaxy was that?" He asks, trying to stand.

She shakes her head, "I don't-"

"Commander. We have a situation here." The girl with crazed hair that slightly resembled John's the way it refused to stay down says.

Abby looks at the eyes of the girl before she gestures to the window. The storm that had originally been something far in the distance has suddenly seemed to draw them in all at once. Her mouth seemed to dry out, leaving her throat made of sandpaper. But before she can fully process thoughts, another voice draws her back to the present.

"Commander, I wish to bring a detail to your attention." the ships AI says from behind her.

The Commander turns, meeting her face-to-face with the last person she really wants to see right now. Kkuet.

Her face drains of emotion and she looks away quickly. The anger and stress coursing through her is forced to the back of her mind. Her jaw locking tightly to the right just as the next shockwave tosses the ship into a fury.

She feels the ship give way, and by the look on her pilot's face, there's no more stopping it. Cochran stands next to him, holding tightly to the control panel and watching the picture play in front of us with horror in her eyes. The Commander realizes just as another layer of emotions is added, this one not so easily pushed back. Fear.

Breathe, she reminds herself. Just breathe.

Abigail turns back towards the large robot holding his captive tight.  "Commander, I've studied the predicament and I've surmised that my detail can be allowed to wait." He says before letting Kkuet crumple to the ground.

Another message blares onto the screens.

IMMINENT: SCIENCE-VESSEL MARKED "OUTSIDER" TO COLLIDE WITH ANOMALY.
ENERGY SYSTEMS FAILING RAPIDLY.
ESTIMATED TIME UNTIL COLLISION: TWO MINUTES

Abby turns her attention back at John who's shaking his head wildly, his fingers pulling at his hair. He confirms it without even trying. There's no way out.

He puts his hands back on the board and pulls. Right. Up. All of it making everyone on board look green.

Grrraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrhrhrhrrreeerereeeeeeerrrrrrhhhhhhhrhhhrhrrraaaaarrrrrrrr​roooorrrrr....

Everyone's hands fly to their ears in an instant, trying to block out the unnerving and greatly unwanted noise.

"Commander! The ship! She's warping!" Varya calls out, and although her voice can't help but seem slightly panicked, it's surprisingly even.

Abby looks up just in time to see her ship nosediving into the storm. Her eyes widen just as the first bolt of electricity hits, sending all who were not holding onto something flying. The lights cut, and all one can see is flashes of white as they fly towards the ship. She reaches out and wraps an arm around the Science Officer's shuddering shoulders, trying to still them. Neither of the girls stand. They both know it's pointless.

Screams. Groans. Whimpering. Black. White. Shock. Confusion. Chaos. Fear.

WA-ARN-ARN-ING-! ANO-M-M-MAL-L-----

"NO!" she hears John cry, causing Cochran to stiffen.

The Commander's head was spinning so fast she wouldn't be able to tell if they were still or not.

A loud cackling sound. Another wave of jerkish maneuvers. A crash that sent everyone forward with a sickly thump. Thick, warm liquid ran down the side of the Commander's face. Then light. Not a peaceful light, but one that blinds. One that pierces every shadow. More movements. More shudders. More cries. Then darkness.

Utter darkness.



(Eh, so the end may have been a bit dramatic. Give me a break, I'm writing at midnight. But I hope this suffices. *crosses fingers* Go ahead, Jacob! Do your magic.)

Post #183:  PINKPANSIES posted at Tuesday, December 3rd, 2013, 02:23 AM:
(Abby, that really amazing!)


Bethany stood at the window looking out and not paying much attention to what the other officers were doing or saying. She just stood there half numb with shock.



IMMINENT: SCIENCE-VESSEL MARKED "OUTSIDER" TO COLLIDE WITH ANOMALY.
ENERGY SYSTEMS FAILING RAPIDLY.
ESTIMATED TIME UNTIL COLLISION: TWO MINUTES

Bethany whirled around and watched everything that happened. 
Just as the ship went down the hole, she screamed, "FATHER!" 

Then being thrown against John as the Ship went down, she held on to his limp body and fainted.

Post #184:  Fox813 posted at Tuesday, December 3rd, 2013, 10:48 AM:
Fox was glad he hadn't been in front of the open doorway when the ship jerked. He had hit the wall, and sat still as the lights flickered and went out. He managed to grab a pair of sunglasses from his pocket. One of the lens had been shattered,  but he still put them on. The glasses had built in night vision, so he could see out of one eye. Fox slowly stood up. No chance of escape now. Might as well help where I can. Fox entered the control room. He can see people laying on the floor, some have wounds. Fox stumbled around and stepped on a Zeranorian's arm. "Sorry..." Fox muttered, and looked to see who it was. It was the Zeranorian who had ruined his blaster when the ship had left. Fox feels a trickling down his neck. He wiped his hand over it, and saw that he was bleeding. Adrenaline. So I did injure myself! Fox started to lose his bearing. He managed to shout out. "Is anyone still conscious?" Fox sat down, the adrenaline leaving him. He head burned.

Post #185:  Willow Skyrider posted at Tuesday, December 3rd, 2013, 12:09 PM:
The Titan swerved out of the oncoming missile’s path. “HAOLT! KEEP THIS BLOODY SHIP LEVEL.”
“I’m trying, Ma’am!” The short, four-eyed brown-clad Ikanoth pilot replied. “These oh’er ships ain’t makin’ it no way easy though!”

Captain Hesilua regained her feline composure and ordered her forward photon-powered cannons be fired. This request was answered by a loud humming on either sides of the deck followed by two steady football field-length streams of light that burst from either side of the observation deck. The missiles of light flew through the sans-gravitation air and struck a ship that accidentally flew through their devastating path. The original target, the Dforian turned and fired their own combination of solid metal fused with highly-advanced “Spider-Mines” through the wreckage that detached from the payload before the torpedo’s detonation, attached themselves onto the Titan’s hull, and detonated themselves as the Torpedo-missile struck its target.

“Well done, Crewman Finroir.”
“Thank you sir.”
“Edario, bring us to mach-III and turn-about, we’ll-“

His command was cut off by the high-pitched scraping of metal sliding against metal as his vessel connected with the command of Master Utulth and his crew of merciless mercenaries.

“KILL THEM ALL, MATES!” Cries and cheers of maliced glee rose to their deranged leader’s release. From the escape-pod bays the pseudo-pirates ejected themselves through space and, suiting themselves with the necessary Ozone-rich breathing apparatuses, threw themselves onto the Nightwing and cut through the thick hull-plating with their laser-saws, oxygen hissing through the wounds.

Excalitur Shevronath dropped her upraised-hand and the twin plasma-cannons released their payloads of overly-energized bright red orbs of thick, red, electrically charged plasma right at the helm of Utulth’s Elass.

“Brilliant shot, Mr. Drueith.”
“Thank ye Cap’n.”
“Eliza, if you would bring us about? I believe Commander Xilinoth requires our assistance.”
“Aye-Aye Cap’n!” Helmswoman Eliza replied and pushed the Glorius Syght into Mach-II and flew to the aid of their companion, unleashing devastation on any ship that crossed her path with her lesser weapons.

“Captain Sarae, this is Admiral Kilorn of The Vengeance. We have marked your trajectory and are following alongside starboard. I’ve asked that Junior Lieutenant Kilorth, commanding The Executer accompany along your portside. Our shields are holding at seventy-five percent and swivel guns are fully active and firing.”

“Thank you, Admiral.” She replied.
“My pleasure.”
“Notch it to Mach-III,” Captain Sarae intoned to Eliza. “And after we blow past Nightwing, plot a course towards the far side of conflict preparing our plasma cannons.”
“Aye cap’n” The pilot said.
“Understood.” The weapons-master replied.
“Sarae out.” She said as she cut the commlink from the Trothian Admiral.
Admiral Kilorn hailed his son. “When we reach inside of fifteen meters, disengage mach-III and prepare to board Nightwing for further assistance. We will further accompany Glorius Syght into battle.”
“Aye, father.” Kilorith replied and obeyed.

From the emptiness of space and in the midst of this battle, a faint light; like a dying star, appeared but preceding the warp-hole closing slipstream the Outsider burst into the middle of this chaos of wreckage and weapons-fire. Their arrival was hardly noticeable against the backdrop of the already dazzling displays of explosions, but to the small planet below, Etalpalli, it was quite noticeable in the mid-day afternoon as a splash of deep blue and then a dark shadow moving against the star-sprinkled sky.

"Be safe, Father," Ytotia said, out of habit rather than worry, as he and his crew rose up into the sky.

John’s fuzzy brain was starting to hum along again but when he came to, his head was resting against the controls with a smarting pain against the side of his temple. I must have fallen- He glanced up and caught an eyeful of the giant space battle happening right over their heads. He looked down and noticed Bethany's unconscious body. "Uhh..."

Abigail looked around the ship and took a grand tally of who was still conscious, it turned out most of the crew had fainted or were thrown around so much that they blacked out. She glanced towards her blank navigational-systems with a groan of disbelief before taking in the explosions happening above them. “Is there any way we can get out of this battle?” It almost hurt to talk.
“That storm must have sapped most of all our energy," Gen sat up and tapped against the blank screen. "And what’s not already gone is powering our failing life-systems.” Gen replied.
I never actually wanted to go down with a ship… never mind that it’s my first ship.
Dad’s going to kill me.

She turned towards Guardian who had fallen in the storm, narrowly missing Kkuet's legs. “Anticure?”
His systems faithfully restarted his core-operations and his metallic eyes blinked before rising to his feet. “Even if I was still connected with the ship, I would be unable to alter the course and lead us away from the strife.”
Abigail looked at Victoria's still body held in her arm's, and sighed with relief as she woke up.

“Well what do we have?” she asked out loud, more as a thought than a question.
Varya chuckled. “We’re alive?”

Post #186:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, December 3rd, 2013, 01:27 PM:
Gen groaned and rubbed her head. What happened? She heard voices and sat up, wincing at a sharp pain in her side. Looking up at the controls, she saw with horror that they were completely dead. Kaput.

“Is there any way we can get out of this battle?”

Gen staggered to her feet, turning to the Commander. “That storm must have sapped most of all our energy," She said, her voice brittle. "And what’s not already gone is powering our failing life-systems.”

She no longer felt frightened. She was angry. Furious and Kkeut who had sabotaged their mission, furious at the storm that had nearly killed them, furious at the ship for not standing up to the pressure better. And now she was furious at the ships outside.

“Well what do we have?” The commander was saying.
Varya chuckled. “We’re alive?”

Gen's eyes flared. "Lets make it better than that. We need to defend ourselves! Those ships won't make any acceptions for us, they won't think twice about blasting us to smitherines. Lets do it to them first!"

______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Voices were fading in and out of hearing... drifting between conciousness and lack of, sanity and the brink of madness, words half-heard were drifting into his mind....

".....don't let it ha.... " ..the rage and the blindness incarn.... "...your pain is what makes you. The fear is what breaks you."

The Fear is what breaks you.

John woke with a jolt, a pain in his head, a hot, wet feeling running into one eye. He blinked dumbly, unseeing as the world slipped around him. The Pain is what makes you. He felt heat coursing through his body, repeating and repeating it's invisible run... storm energy infused into his electrical sensory system. He felt sick and groggy and tepid and his limbs felt like rubber. Slowly, swallowing the painfully dry feeling in his mouth and pushing away the pain in his head, he sat up from where he had been lying against the controls. What had happened? The taste of iron permiated his mouth, and he wiped it away, a red stain on the back of his hand. Someone had screamed, someone had grabbed him. Sluggishly he looked down and saw Beth's limp form crumpled at his feet. His eyes widened.

"Uhh..." Painfully he moved, slipping his long-fingered hands under her arms. He tried to lift her to a safer place, but was too weak to stand on his own, let alone shift her weight. The wolf-like engineer noticed and came limping over.

"Let me take her. You have more pressing matters to attend to." He said quietly. John's heart leaped and everything came flooding back: the Storm; whirling out of control, fighting a losing battle against the gravitational eddies and lightening strikes. And then... light. What was that? He looked out of the viewport and choked.
The stars... the planets.... everything had changed!
They were in another section of the galaxy, nay, perhaps the universe, altogether!

But even this wasn't the most pressing issue at hand.
Blazes of light streamed past the viewport, followed rapidly by a fleet of large battle-vessels. Swaying, John stood and watched as the fleet engaged with another one. They were circling above a large planet, brutally hailing weaponry on one another without rest. Both seemed hell-bent and merciless, and the failing Outsider was caught in between them!

You know what you have to do.

As quickly and firmly as he was able, John took the helm and, with what little power there was left, gave a violent tug, turning the ship towards the outer rim of the battle. But it wasn't fast enough. The Outsider gave a massive shudder as a stray torpedo crashed into her tail end. John's shock turned to horror as he realized that they were coming too close to the planet's gravitational field.
The ship's engines gave one last shudder, then died, and they began to curve away from the Storm, down toward the planet. Wrenching at the helm, John gritted his teeth. There was nothing he could do! They were going to crash!

"Everyone, hold on to something!" John rasped trying desperately to keep the ship's nose up. If they were going to crash, he was going to do it properly.

Post #187:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, December 3rd, 2013, 01:35 PM:
((Should I let Allen post, or could I put in a post with the Etals coming to the rescue-ish? ))

Edit: I'll wait ^^

Post #188:  Titus2teen posted at Tuesday, December 3rd, 2013, 03:25 PM:
(Sorry it took so long! Stage is set, go for it Lee! Or whoever's turn it is...)

I don't believe it...All that and no last stand. What a killjoy.

Kkeut sat up from his spot on the floor of the ship, blinking twice. He checked himself before getting up, making sure he wasn't fried, then straightened his jacket once on his feet, glaring at Anti-Cure's robot body for wrinkling it, making a mental note to toss him around by his ankles later.

The ship bucked again.

He hit a torpedo. Kkeut thought as he was getting thrown to the side. That idiot steered us into a torpedo. Aish!

Kkeut was honestly more concerned about re-entry than anything, without the shields, they we're toast. They as in the crew members, Kkeut was pretty sure he could think up something for himself.

Wonder if me and Varya can hold the ship together... Ah well, if I'm gonna help these people  get out of this, I can't keep the I'm-a-Psi- secret.

Kkeut took a rather firm stance in the center of the room and closed his eyes. He started feeling out the ship, the damages, the corridors, every little piece. He focused, outstretching his arms forward, palms open. He focused on holding the wobbly joints, the screws, the bolts, which was complicated by the ship swerving.

"Can you please fly in a straight line!?" Kkeut yelled at the pilot. 

"I'm trying!" John yelled back, a little freaked at Kkeut revealing that he's a Psi. What was he doing on board?

Kkeut turned to the Admiral, "Let's see if can get out of this! You can kill me later!"

I hope this'll work. If only someone would swoop in to save the day...

Kkeut's eyes were glowing an icy blue, focused on trying to hold the ship together. 

Yeah, right. Like that'll happen.

Post #189:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, December 3rd, 2013, 04:45 PM:
(Yay, a good-sized post! )

Ytotia always liked to watch her father as he worked up in the sky, much higher than she could ever fly on her own. She couldn't make sense of what was happening today, though. The ship passed right through the storm... It was moving very quickly, and not in a very straight line. She wondered if perhaps the storm had damaged the ship. It seems like every ship except ours gets damaged by the storm... Ytotia flew circles, still watching for her father.

-----------------------------------

They were going to crash.

Everyone felt the ship's downward turn, the rush of speed, the rattling of the broken ship. Link clutched at the wall, trying not to fall over. Lee screamed as she was thrown back. Yukan and Sensa held each other for support, their expressions holding faint traces of fear.

"Everyone, hold on to something!" John rasped trying desperately to keep the ship's nose up. The ship rattled and hissed as it entered the atmosphere of the small planet. Several thoughts were common in everyone's minds: Would they survive the crash? Was the planet inhabitable? If so, was it inhabited? And if that was so, what kind of people inhabited it?

The ship continued to gather speed, the force of it pushing everybody back. And then suddenly...

They began to slow down.

-----------------------------------

"Oh!" Ytotia exclaimed. I think Father's fleet has caught up to the ship. Yes, the ship was certainly slowing down.

The Etals' ships had attached strong cables to the Outsider on all sides, and now they were pulling back on it, slowing it down. Step 1 completed: Slow down the ship. Now for Step 2: Find a safe place to land it.

The cities of Etalpalli were constructed of many tall towers, with windows as doors and ledges and landings inside. Only a few, and only recently, had stairs, for those without wings. As to streets, they were just grassy clearings between towers. Tall trees grew up beside the towers.

Recently a landing strip for ships had been constructed, but it wasn't very large. The Outsider would have to be squeezed onto it.

Ah, they are coming close now! Ytotia flew off towards the airstrip.

-----------------------------------

"Whaa--?!" Link exclaimed as the ship jerked and slowed down. Similar exclamations issued from the other crew. Approaching planet Etalpalli. Inhabited by the Etal race, a peaceful race with wings. Link was relieved that they would be landing on a friendly planet. Perhaps the Etals were helping the Outsider?

For the first time since the encounter with the storm, Lee felt her fear receding. Someone... is helping us...? She made herself breathe slowly.

Post #190:  finnishfinn posted at Tuesday, December 3rd, 2013, 05:01 PM:
(Not really much in this post)

Delvin woke up from a dream of intense electrical Sneeze Burgers firing their toasty buns at The Outsider. but when he came back into the real world, an intense and shocking pain shot from his hand and up to his shoulder, he tilted his head and stared at his hand which was bleeding from a knife wound. "How did I get a knife wound?" he asked himself. But looking even lower he saw the he had fallen on to one ok Kkuet's hidden blades, which had also torn a long hole in Kkuet's jacket. Despite the ultimate pain in his right hand, it warmed him a little at the thought of Kkuet tarring out his perfect hair at the sight of the ripped jacket.

Looking to the other side of his head he saw the pilot tugging at a limp body, he stood up and started walking toward the pilot and said "I got her." as he picked up the body and brought her to the chair of the tactical officer who had been nocked cold by a piece of shrapnel and laid her gently down, but shortly collapsing himself against the dashboard.

Post #191:  Titus2teen posted at Tuesday, December 3rd, 2013, 05:06 PM:
I hate my life.

Kkeut just kinda stood there, watching as the ship was being lowered just fine, and it appeared it outed himself for nothing. He just sorta looked at everybody else, while a lot of of people looked at him. Mostly angry looks.

They're scientists, I thought they'd find it amazing to survive a black hole.

Kkeut shrugged, running a hand through his hair and grinning, giving a small chuckle.

I really do hate my life.

Post #192:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, December 3rd, 2013, 05:19 PM:
(And now, to ruin the happy moment, comes cause and effect! *Post holder*)

Post #193:  Fox813 posted at Tuesday, December 3rd, 2013, 05:27 PM:
Fox sighed in relief. The ship was slowing down. Guess I'll live... Slowly, he stood up. He saw a bunch of people glaring at another guy. Fox walked over to him. "Any idea of what's going on?" The guy had black hair that went down to his chin. His eyes were black. Fox couldn't help but be a little suspicious of him; it didn't help that everyone seemed to hate him.

Post #194:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, December 3rd, 2013, 07:01 PM:
John was holding the helm with all of his might. They were falling freely now, through the upper layers of the planet's atmosphere. John kept the ship in standard landing position as best he could, but at this point he knew it was pointless. They were going to fast, and the impact with the ground would likely smash the ship to smithereens.

He couldn't say that he felt afraid anymore, not even when the he saw pieces of metal peeling off of the ship's hull, groaning and howling as they went. He was beyond fear, and into grim acceptance.

I and all the rest of the crew are going to die... He thought silently, paling a little at the thought. That shy girl, Lee... Beth... the Commander... Gen. We're all going to die....

The clouds rushed up to meet them, gleaming white as snow in the light of the dual suns.

Our families... our friends... they'll never know what happened....

He blinked quickly, keeping the ship level. Quietly, gently, he reached out to the person he trusted, the steadying agent in this chaos.

Gen...?

Is this it? Her thoughts were hesitant and wavering, and she sounded uncharacteristically close to tears.

John paused, then nodded. Yeah.

There was silence on the other end, but he could feel her presence, comforting him with her very existence.
I never thought it would end this way.

He mentally chuckled, through the pain, through the grief. Me neither.

Still. She said quietly. We had some laughs, didn't we?

Sure did.

A pause.

I'll miss this.

Me too.

They burst through the other side of the clouds, plummeting down towards the planet below. A glittering city of glass and metal could now be seen. It looked beautiful, and John felt its beauty light the last seconds of his life.

See you on the other side? He asked quietly. He could almost feel Gen smiling.

See you there.

He closed his eyes, tipping back his head and breathing deeply. Life had been good, sweet, and tinged with danger. It was ending now. He hoped he was ready.


The ship gave a massive shudder and immediately slowed. John's eyes snapped open and, despite his injuries and illness, leaped up and stared in shock and amazement out of the viewport.

A fleet of three ships were cruising above them, heavy cables dangling from their bellies and digging into the Outsider's sides. They were slowing the smaller ship down, guiding her to safety!
John's heart leaped and he risked a glance back at the rest of the bridge crew. The Commander wore an expression of supreme relief and elation, and Gen had a strange look of choked happiness on her face. The only one who looked chagrined at their rescue was Kkeut.

No surprise there...

A grin slipped across his face, and John returned to the helm, helping to guide the ship and keep her ready for landing.
He whispered a silent thank you to whoever the people in those were, and concentrated on keeping his own ship steady. They were nearing the ground now, going at an almost sluggish speed compared to that which they had before maintained. John dared to breath as a small landing strip came into view. In a few minutes, they would be safe!

But it was not to be.

When the other ships had latched onto the Outsider, Kkeut and the other Psi-Users had all stopped working to maintain the ship's structural integrity, distracted perhaps by the sudden excitement of their rescue. But the hull was still warped, and was not about to start fixing itself. There was a terrible screeching noise as one of the grappling lines tore away, bringing with it a sizable portion of the hull. John's heart leaped into his throat, watching as the line swung back and forth. There was another rending noise, like nails down a chalkboard, and the second grappling hook came away. The final one, unable to sustain a viable grip on the Outsider, scraped backwards as the ship lurched forward. With a jolt, the last cord fell away, and the Outsider plummeted.
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 

Thrown into a wall, Ckkela screamed. What was happening? Moments ago they had been stable, slow and unresisting. Now... She felt like she was being tossed around in a washing machine.

"Link! Tray! In here!" She called, scrabbling at the door of a small room--a closet. If they were to crash, this would be the safest place to be.
That is, if anything survived.
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _

The nose of the ship was up again, and this time, they weren't falling as fast.
There was a chance.

Thinking quickly, John manually punched in the override codes for the wing function. Outside, the "wings" of the ship clicked out of their natural position, sliding up until they stood straight out from the ship. At least they wouldn't be broken off.

Its just like landing a plane... its just like landing a plane....

The ground was speeding below them now, seeming to get faster and faster as they came closer. The landing strip was in view... it was there... it was within reach.

"COME ON!!!"

Buildings and trees flew by beneath them; as they reached the outskirts of the city, their underbelly brushed the top of one of the tall towers. They were headed directly for the landing strip now.
This was it.

The belly of the ship crashed into the ground with a horrible, screaming, torturous, rending noise. John was thrown back then forwards in his seat as they crashed against rocks, trees, and anything in their path. They reached the end of the landing strip and kept going, heading for a thick copse of trees, and an outcropping ridge. And they weren't slowing down.
John closed his eyes.

Make it quick.

(So... maybe not what people were expecting? If I have ruined any plans I can go back and change it. ^^')

Post #195:  Varyafírimar posted at Wednesday, December 4th, 2013, 03:46 AM:
(Prepare for time-skips!!!)

After changing into her uniform and putting the odd, glowing crystalline object into place. Varya left her room, fairly skipping down the hall in joy at the thoughts of Kkuet trying to get into her lair now.
  "...Life used to be so placid..." She sang under her breath as she whisked into the Bridge, fashionably late what with making sure that no one could enter her lady's boudoir.
  Varya could feel the tension and excitement in the air as she made her way to the front. Ooooo, she could ALSO feel the commander's frustration with her being late and holding up the expedition. Oops! Well, Commander Abigail should consider herself lucky that she hadn't killed one of her crewmembers yet!
  She whipped her elfin face towards the dark corner where Kkuet was lurking and glared. 
  Feeling someone watching him, Kkuet lifted his head and found himself looking into Varya's flashing silver eyes. He smirked at her. Varya grinned maliciously back at him.
"Your time will come..." She thought as she turned back to the view of space.

~~~~~

Varya's eyes widen when she heard the alarms going off and the AI stating that they were heading straight into the cosmic storm.
  She jumped to the nearest ship's control station and roughly pulled out the pilot sitting in front of it. She dimly heard the disgruntled flyer yell "Hey!" as she settled into the seat, put on the headset and started trying frantically to regain control of the wayward ship.
  "Disengage!" Varya cried as a smooth computerized voice rattled off the status of the Outsider.
  "Disengage failed. Main power cells shutting off in 10 seconds..." It returned.
  "DISENGAGE!" 
  "Disengage failed. Main power cells shutting off in 5 seconds..."
Varya ripped off the headset and stared in horror at the ever-closer approaching storm through reinforced windows.

~~~~~

Commander Abigail was trying to get the panicked crew's attention. Varya decided to come to her rescue with a piercing "QUIET!"
  That shut them up.
A silent look of gratitude was shot her way before the Lieutenant cleared her throat "To say precisely what it is at this time can only be an estimate. The anomaly could be anything from a wormhole to a giant storm, or simply even a strong currency of electricity."
  "So what are we going to do?" Asked an officer with silver hair and a crazed look in her eye.
  "The only thing we can do." Commander Abigail answers looking into the eye of the storm.
Immediately she could feel everyone's questioning stares as another bout of shaking rocks the ship.
  "Stay alive." The commander stated solemnly.

~~~~~

Varya returned to her stolen seat and read the rapidly moving script on one of the screens in front of her.
  As the screen flashed red, she whipped her head around to where Commander Abigail was and shouted over the noise of the ship failing "Commander!"
  Varya couldn't believe how steady her voice was as she finished calling out "The ship!" She's warping!"

~~~~~

The whole crew braced themselves but it wasn't enough. Lights blindly  flashed in Varya's eyes and sounds distorted weirdly as her eardrums seemed to pop. 
  But through the turbulence and cries something felt...familiar to her. She had felt this type of energy earlier in her life. Yes..! It was when she was dabbling in alchemy! Turning one element into another!
  Before she could ponder this any further the ship gave it's most violent jolt yet and Varya was thrown face-first into the control panel in front of her.
  Blood started raining from the long gash on her forehead and onto her bruising eyes and bleeding, broken nose.
  Varya had fainted before she could even cry out in agony as she fell jarringly onto the cold, unforgiving metal floor and her right arm popped painfully from it's socket.
All the while her precious life force slowly drained out of her broken body as she lay, hidden from view, under the seat and control panel she but recently had power over.

(Yeah, you bros will have to edit some parts of your posts but...I finally posted, right?!)

Post #196:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, December 4th, 2013, 10:32 AM:
((It was a good post, Imogen, especially cause it makes sense. Wheeeeeeee, this is so much fun! 
Hope this is okay.))

They weren't getting a break, were they?
Just a few seconds before, safety had seemed in hand; now the ship was once again plummeting, people were once again screaming.

As Ckkela forced the three into a closet, Link let out a dramatic sigh. "I suppose I have a very large regret..." Tray looked at him expectantly. "I have something to confess... Despite my overwhelming charm... I have never kissed a lady before."

Ckkela gave Link a withering look, while Tray stared at Link in shock. "But... but... Not even once?! But I thought..." "I know, I know. A guy like me, you'd think I'd be well versed in that department. But the trouble with being on a strictly business ship is that all the ladies are very aloof and impervious to my charm. Ah, woe is I!"

----------------------------------------------------

"Oh! Oh, no!" Ytotia exclaimed, bringing herself up short of the airstrip. The ship, badly damaged, had torn away from the grappling hooks of the Etals' ships. Now it was plummeting down, not as fast as before, but still too fast. It was running out of landing area, heading for a thick copse of trees, and an outcropping ridge.

"Oh, the trees won't like that..." Ytotia murmured.

And indeed, they didn't.

The trees had been around for as long as anyone could remember. They were tall, strong, ancient, and wise. If you were respectful to them, the trees may share their wisdom with you.
They weren't about to be uprooted. Trees are slow in almost everything, because most of the time they don't need to do anything. But when the need arises, they will move.

The Outsider crashed into the thick trees, sending branches and leaves flying everywhere. Along with the ship's groaning, there was another groan: that of branches and roots moving.
They wrapped around the Outsider, pulling at it and slowing it to a standstill.

Did the Outsider's crew dare breathe a sigh of relief? No, not yet.

A terrible CRACK shook through the ship as the trees' strong limbs slowly crushed the ship.

"Everybody, evacuate!" Yukan shouted.

----------------------------------------------------

Ytotia shook her head and dived down to the trees. "Please, please!" she called. "There are people inside! They need our help! Please do not harm them!"

The trees, slow in everything, were slow to listen. But the Etals who had naturally gathered to look, joined in the entreaty to the trees. Slowly, they relaxed their grip on the poor ship.

Post #197:  Imogen posted at Thursday, December 5th, 2013, 08:36 PM:
A slow, dull aching permitted her ears, sinking through to her cranium. Where was she? The table was icy cold benieth her back. A garble of voices spoke into her mind, hissing their whispering, slithering tongues in mental voice. She couldn't understand what was going on.
"...as....worked?"
"..y..s."
"Wha...ow?"
"...use it....Break it."
Break it.

Someone was stepping on her arm. She groaned, feeling the booted foot pressing into her flesh. She winced and shifted slightly.

"Oh... sorry." She heard someone mutter as if in a dream. Where was she? What had happened? Someone had yelled something before the ground benieth her feet began to roar. Then someone had screamed. Had that been her?

Slowly her eyes fluttered open, staring dazedly at the blurred ceiling above. Everything was surprisingly quiet now. What happened?
Slowly it came back to her: the fall from the sky, the crash, and the trees. She felt them thinking, stirring, angry at being disturbed in such a sudden and violent way. She remembered a tree limb coming through the window--and that was where memory failed her.

Must'uv been knocked cold... she thought, staring up still.

People were beginning to move; she could hear them. Then a voice.

"Report!" The Commander.
"Is everyone all right?" Gen couldn't tell who had spoken. What a stupid question. Did they look all right?
She felt someone grab and shake her shoulder.

"All right... I'm up, you don't have to shout." She grumbled. Slowly propping herself up on one elbow, she blearily surveyed the damage. Crewmen and officers were in bedraggled heaps along the bridge. Gen's breath caught in her throat. She stretched out her mind. Some of them she could no longer feel.

"Orders, Commander?" She gasped, staggering to her feet. Her side hurt and her head was throbbing, but she could walk.

"Help get these people out of here!" The commander rasped, obviously busy with absolutely everything at that moment. Gen nodded and turned toward the front of the bridge. Her eyes alighted on the pilot's chair, and in one second her blood ran cold.

(Saving here--more to be added)

Post #198:  Imogen posted at Thursday, December 5th, 2013, 11:00 PM:
The helm was smeared with dark red blood. Blood was sprinkled in tiny drops on the shattered viewport.
John lay slumped over the console, motionless and nearly without breath. A trickle of blood ran from the side of his mouth and from his wild hair, dripping with a serene continuity.
He had received the full brunt of the crash, smashed violently into the helm which he commanded. His mind was distorted and delirious; images long forgotten rose once more before him in twisted, manic caracatures of their original forms: a judge standing before a great court, pointing with the finger of accusation; a beautiful young child consumed by terror and drowned by a flood of winged snakes; a young man, tinkering in a small dark room, touched two wires together, and was illuminated by fire, his screams carrying into reality.
"...John...John!" Someone was shouting his name. Was it Gen?
John Turner you get up and be alive this instant, so help me I will come down there Nd kill you!
Yep. It was Gen.
Someone shook his shoulders. "Mister Turner?"
John moaned softly.
Garbled whispering, then the voices receded.
John was coming to himself.
Not only that, but he was realizing just how much he hurt. His ribs felt cracked, his head felt split, and he couldn't move his left arm without a searing and agonizing pain roaring through his whole limb. His neck hurt when he finally tried to move it as well. Slowly, slowly, he pushed himself up off the console; but the strain even of that was too much. He collapsed back, gasping in exquisite agony. The energy overload from the cosmic storm was beginning to catch up with him as well, and he felt rotten. He breathed, and very soon fell into a delirious, fevered doze.
Things were not looking good.
___________________________________________________________________________________________________

Ckkela's eyes flew open and she sat up, more or less stunned at the fact that she was still in the closet and not soaring up to heaven. She immediately cast a glance at Tray and Link, who both seemed to be unconcious.
"Hey! We survived!" A thought came to her and she smiled shyly. "Link, you may live to kiss a girl yet!"

Post #199:  Willow Skyrider posted at Friday, December 6th, 2013, 12:19 AM:
Guardian's computerized eyes blinked open before he stared towards the sky from his prone position. We're not flying anymore... The android turned his head at the damage the ship had created, and at the shattered view-dome. It's no small feat to shatter a View-dome, but somehow he had accomplished it, and the skid-mark he left in the tan-dirt was a reminder of what kind of force a re-entering ship had on impact. Never mind the trail of crushed trees and ravaged plant-life left in it's wake.

"Is evryun alrizzt-"
"Rephor-!"

Guardian's auditory systems were quite delayed as compared to his visual-receptors, but at least he wasn't brok- He couldn't feel his leg. He stretched his left arm and clutched at the exposed wiring in his left leg, the metallic plating was torn away and he could see straight into the center of it's complicated wiring-ties and mini-processors. Link would have quite the task ahead of him trying to repair this... He shifted the injured limb out in front of him as he sat square on his buttocks, both legs extended, and estimated the crew's condition. He hadn't been the only one to fly out of the bridge, but he definitely had to have been the first.

"Commander!" He called out. "I appear to be unharzhk." He checked himself, "Not seriouzzly ahk leese..." Or not. As he was becoming more aware of his surroundings, and his operating system had more time to judge the damage he had sustained, he admitted the fact that Androids were just as destructible as any other form of mechanical creation. But if he had suffered this damage, how had the rest of the crew fared? He scanned the surrounding area and noted that, surprisingly, there hadn't been many persons shot from the bridge, but those who had, mostly tucked and rolled thereby suffering major bruises, a broken rib or so, and a sprained limb or two; but taking out the View-dome had obviously inflicted the major amount of his injuries as he stared out of a fractured eye-piece and inwardly growled at the bent wrist of his right arm.
He decided it was the best course of action to not try and move on his fractured leg but instead wait for assistance. It would take almost a fortnight for him to be repaired, given their limited access to proper equipment, unless this civilization proved futher advanced than what their cityscapes might suggest.

Post #200:  Autumn Lee posted at Friday, December 6th, 2013, 10:49 AM:
As would be expected in the aftermath of a crash, people were hurting; some more than others.

Link, in the shelter of the closet, had no very serious injuries. He'd hit his head on the wall on impact, and was slowly drifting between the waking and sleeping world. Damage sustained to head. Signs of concussion: Negative.
"...kiss a girl yet!" Link caught. He groaned, a killer headache kicking in, and opened his eyes. Ckkela was checking him for injuries; she smiled when she saw he was conscious. "Do you... have a twin...?" he mumbled, squinting his eyes. Two K-Nires appeared in his eyes, fuzzy and unfocused. He groaned again and shut his eyes, letting the dark of unconsciousness wash over him. "Lee..."

----------------------------------------------------

Unfortunately for Lee, unconsciousness wouldn't come. She could only stare dully at the puddle of blood forming by her face and try not to get it in her mouth. It boggled her that she could even have that much blood in her body; that she could lose that much and still be conscious.

She'd hit her head on a section of wall, twisted and warped by the storm, and gashed it on a torn part of the metal. Lee was certainly bruised elsewhere, but nothing major other than her head. The pain didn't seem to be much; Lee only really felt the warm, sticky blood on her face.

It must be shock... she thought dully. Well... I wonder if help will come... Everyone else was on the bridge... Will they remember me...?

----------------------------------------------------

"Ow..." Yukan muttered from under Sensa, the two of them crumpled on the ground. Sensa slowly came awake; seeing she was squishing Yukan, she moved away. "I don't seem to be hurt..." she murmured. Yukan grimaced as he tried to move. "Ah... My arm must be broken... And a few ribs..." He smiled at Sensa. "But you're okay, right?"

Sensa's eyes flashed as she realized something. She stood up angrily. "I told you not to do that again! Not to put yourself in harm's way to protect me!" The Lume-Guerran trembled with rage... and another barely suppressed emotion. Yukan just smiled at her. "I suppose I should've learned my lesson last time, hmm?" Sensa's gaze strayed to his eyepatch.

With a sigh, she sat down next to him. "Don't try to move..." she said quietly. Still with a smile on his face, Yukan closed his eyes and let the pain fade into sleep.

----------------------------------------------------

Ytotia flew down into the wreckage, cautiously. She lighted in front of what appeared to be a metal humanoid. "Hello..." she said in the common language. "Help?" The Etal looked at Guardian earnestly. It seemed to be broken in areas. She looked at the ship. The View-dome was shattered, revealing the crew crumpled within. Other Etals were already flying down and cautiously entering in.

Ytotia turned back to Guardian. "Help," she said, pointing from herself and the Etals to the crew, and smiling.

Post #201:  Willow Skyrider posted at Friday, December 6th, 2013, 11:31 AM:
Guardian stared at the flying woman. "Hee-loo?" It looked like she was trying to help.
"Hehlp?" She motioned towards his leg and he wondered if they had ever seen anything like him before. Guardian shook his head and pointed towards the Outsider's wreckage. She turned her head and gazed thoughtfully before turning back around. 
"Help," she said, pointing from herself and the Etals to the crew, and smiling. He nodded and she turned and flew towards the ship.

He stared after her. She spoke English... Or else Commander is going to need a Translachip. He relaxed and laid down in the dirt, his injuries weren't life-threatening (If he had a life), and the crew needed her help more than he did. He stared up at the clear blue sky. Well, almost clear. He thought as he tried to see through the billowing smoke pluming from the ship.

She had definitely spoken English.

Post #202:  Titus2teen posted at Friday, December 6th, 2013, 02:23 PM:
(Okay, Abby, our post comes in after Varya's, preferably. I'll send you what I got on it so far)
Kkeut threw the wreckage off of him, only to find himself surrounded by Etals who were trying to help. It looked like Kkeut had fallen through the floor when the wreckage hit him, and much to his despair(completely ignoring the cuts on his arms and torso), he realized that his jacket was torn in several places.

"<I can open the doors for you.>" Kkeut said to them in their language. Sometimes, having a datachip for a brain dos help.

"<Good, we need to get to the others as fast as possible.>" The leader(or so it seemed to Kkeut) responded.

Kkeut took the shut doors in the grip of his mind, forcing them open. Kkeut Psi-scanned the area, looking for survivors. He started pointing out where bodies were to the Etals, who responded very fast and efficient.

Kkeut backtracked, making sure he didn't leave anyone behind, when he picked up a familiar feeling above him. Kkeut jumped back up through the hole he'd fallen into, tracing the feeling to an overturned control panel.

I could just leave her here... Kkeut mused as he lifted the debris, tossing them against a wall. He knelt next to Varya, inspecting he wounds. He gently took hold of her arm, still warm, but getting cold. Kkeut jerked her arm back into place, Varya jolting with the pain, her face contorted.

Kkeut looked at the nasty gash on her head, then looked at his jacket. He sighed. I can't believe I'm doing this. He thought as he ripped two strips off his jacket, wrapping one around Varya's head, using the other as a sling for her arm.

Kkeut gently scooped Varya up in his arms, laying her head on his shoulder. Varya frowned, wrapping her arm around Kkeut's neck, holding it there. Kkeut looked down in surprise, before taking a breath, and hoping she didn't try to kill him when she woke up.

Kkeut Looked around for an exit, and finding none, threw the control panel out the steel grate that covered the window with his mind, jumping out of the hole it made, sliding down the side of the ship on a sheet of metal, coming to a stop at the bottom.

Kkeut walked past Anti-Cure, leaning Varya down near a tree, trying to wake her.

"Wakey, wakey Varya... Come on..." Kkeut placed a hand hand on her head, feeling for any injuries. "I know your not out yet Varya."

Varya slowly opened her eyes, reaching for the voice, finding Kkeut's hand instead. As her eyes came into focus, she found herself looking directly into Kkeut's abyss-like eyes.

"There you are." Kkeut said grinning.

Varya's small grin that she had managed disappeared when she realized who she was talking to. Her eyes started getting wider as a blank look spread across her face.

At that moment, Kkeut realized he was all too close to Varya.

Post #203:  Missymoo posted at Friday, December 6th, 2013, 11:23 PM:
Nice.

Post #204:  Autumn Lee posted at Saturday, December 7th, 2013, 05:10 PM:
What was all this red, sticky liquid? Whatever it was, there sure seemed to be a lot of it, mostly coming from people's bodies. Ytotia wondered if humans' arms were normally at that angle...

She moved to the nearest person who was unattended to -- or in this case, two people. They both had the same type of hair that stuck straight up, and they were very tall and thin. Seranorian? Ytotia thought, using the Etals' pronunciation of 'Zeranorian'. She touched the female's shoulder gently. "Hehlp?" she asked, pointing to both of them.

The Zeranorian shook her head roughly and looked at the other one. Ytotia shifted her gaze to him. He appeared unconscious, and his left arm seemed to have been snapped like a broken branch. The Etal gently touched his face, and was surprised to feel how warm it was.

Ytotia recalled having a fever before; it hadn't been very pleasant. This Zeranorian must have a fever. And she couldn't imagine that his arm felt very good. The Etal looked at Gen. "I ca-ree heem, hehlp," Ytotia said, pointing to John and herself, and hoping she had said that right. She didn't want to just take the man -- the female Zeranorian looked a little protective of him.

Post #205:  AstroNut posted at Friday, December 13th, 2013, 09:55 AM:
(Ooh, so exciting! 8D Quick, thinkofapostthinkofapostthinkofapost...)

Post #206:  GuitarGurl4God98 posted at Saturday, December 14th, 2013, 06:22 PM:
Waves. She could hear them. Better then that she could smell them. Inhaling deeply, she took in the familiar scent of fresh saltwater. She felt as a wave came and licked at her heels, splashing between her toes. She reached down and grabbed a fistful of warm damp sand. She was home, she just knew she was home.

"Are you coming?"

She didn't have to open her eyes to know who it was. Jay's deep silky tone could be distinguished anywhere. Then again, any one of her sister's voices would be recognizable to her on the spot.

She let out a content sigh, "In a minute."

"Come on Abby! The tide is just perfect!" Her youngest sister squealed.

"Let her stay a bit girls, she looks like she hasn't tanned in weeks!" Marie teases, no doubt a cocky smirk on her face.

"What do you expect, she's always working." Irene gives a small sigh before piping up again, "Really Abby, this tide is too perfect for us to miss out on."

Abby smiled, "Go on, I'll be right there."

"Alright." They three said in unison before Jay adds, "Here's your board." The crunching of sand indicates that it stands slightly behind her.

How long she lays there, she isn't sure. But when she hears her sisters laughing and beckoning for her to join them, she gives in and starts to rise up from her place in the sand.

She can't move.

Immediately she tries opening her eyes, but they seem to not want to move either, refusing to obey her command. A wave of fear flushes over her. The tide comes in stronger now, starting to travel higher and higher up her legs and lower back, promising to engulf her completely within minutes. Her breath quickens and her fists try desperately to move her unwilling arms, but finding no traction in the sand.

"Girls help!" She cries, doing her best to not let her voice crack.

They don't hear her, they just laugh and call her to them. Her heart starts pounding out of her chest, her lungs feel as if they'll explode. The water now is at her neck, only growing higher and deeper.

"Girls please!" No one comes, and the water now licks her ears, causing her to only hear their laughter in between the fast paced waves.

She struggles desperately, willing every part of herself to move. To run. To do SOMETHING. Finally the waves now sweep over her completely, causing her to have to hold her breath and gag on saltwater. She can't hear anything except the rushing water. She won't hang on much longer. She can't. She gives one last final plea for help, but she knows that here under the water no one will hear her. Her lungs are hot and cutting, her fists are clenched tightly. She's just about to let go when something warm and sticky runs over her nose and forehead. "What in the-?"

All of a sudden the warm and sticky tongue she knows so well is licking every part of her face and neck, his cold nose sniffing her curiously. The waves no longer have her immersed, but simply lick at her heels comfortably. She can hear her sisters again, laughing. "Down Nik! Down!"

The dog finally relents licking her face, and settles for simply panting his hot breath happily. Abby chuckles, imagining the goofy look he has on his face.

"He misses you when you're gone you know."

Relief and warmth spreads through Abigail's body at the sound of her mother's smooth and calming voice.

"Mom." Abby says, her grin ear to ear.

"Hello my baby." 

Commander Gonzalez of the Outsider for the first time the last 15 years or so could not have been happier to hear the three words that often would make her groan.

"Hi." Abigail whispers, opening her hand for her husky to lick.

She feels a hand come and brush her bangs off her forehead. "You need a haircut, you know that right?"

"Ya." She says, chuckling.

She lays there for a moment, listening to the waves lap on shore while her mom finger combs her hair.

"Mom? I have a problem."

"What's that?"

"I can't move. I can't even open my eyes to see."

"Abby, your eyes have been opened this whole time."

"What do you mean?"

"You're looking right at me. You just have to focus. Focus on everything around you."

Abigail paused and breathed in again, then listened. She could hear her sisters again, splashing and laughing. She focused on the warm morning sun kissing her face, and suddenly she could make out the orange light reflecting off the water. She could hear the waves crashing in on each other. She focused on her hand that was all sticky and slimy, turning her neck slowly. First just a tuft of grey and white fur, then a black ear, then deep indigo eyes that bore into hers.

"Hi Nik." She says smiling at him, reaching out to lace her fingers in his coat. "Have you been a good boy for Grandma?"

"You know he has." The sound of her mother's voice almost instantly brings her into focus. She turns and sees her mom's pearly white smile, her skin glowing in the morning sunlight.

Slowly she sits up on her elbows. Her body aches and she isn't sure why. She can feel her forehead throbbing, and touches it tentatively. It stings like a cut, but no blood is there.

"I have a headache."

"Well you'll have more of a headache if your sisters come back out for you. I suggest you go on."

Rising to her feet, she tries not to cringe. A pain in her foot is practically yelling at her for moving.

Finding her sisters, and grabbing her board she turns back one more time and pats her dog on the head. "Be a good boy." Then turning on her heels to leave, she throws a quick smile at her mom.

She runs into the water, but before has time to think about it she jumps on her board to paddle out. A loud and painful groan escapes her lips as her ribs protest. She pauses for a brief second before continuing to paddle.

"Took you long enough!" Jay calls a few feet away from her.

She winks and paddles past her, her focus on the wave forming in front of her. Positioning herself carefully, she starts to paddle. As the wave threatens to sneak out from under her she moves to her feet and lets the water do the rest. It carries her far down shore, and she dives into the water at the end.

But she doesn't stop there, the current takes her deeper. But she doesn't fight it, instead she swims along with it. The water turns blue to black the deeper she goes. White flecks of light are everywhere, reflecting brightly. Then she realizes she isn't swimming through water. She was swimming through space. 

Commander Gonzalez opens her eyes. She reaches up for her forehead, revealing a small cut just above her right eyebrow. A drying stream of blood runs down her face. She looks around and sees crew members scattered all over the bridge. Some still passed out, some walking around and helping others to their feet. What concerns her most is that the front of the Bridge has now busted open, some crewmen have been thrown out.

She remembered it all. The battlefield, the spiraling downward, the help from one of the bigger ships that slowed their pace, then they were falling again. The last thing she recalled was seeing the trees, and someone yelling. A crash. A moment of labored breathing, and then back into the darkness.

She groans, staggering to her feet and leaning on what's left of the helm. "Report!"

"There's eight on Bridge with minor injuries. Thirteen with severe. We've tried reaching Doctor Ckkela, but with no such luck." One of the crewmen speaks up.

"Any casualties?"

"Four...Commander." He says, turning his head.

"Thank you Ensign."

Four dead. Her heart dropped as she thought about all the different decks on this ship. How many more were dead or dying? Her breathing hitched painfully.

"Orders, Commander?" 

"Help get these people out of here!" She commanded, trying to clear her throat.

She looked around and saw Officer Orbas lying down a few feet away. She started to make her way over to check on him when two red piercing eyes darted toward her. Quickly -though still greatly guarded- they softened in recognition.

"Is he ok?"

The woman nodded, "He believes his arms to be broken, possibly a few ribs."

"I'll have someone attend to him momentarily."

She nodded her thanks and looked away. The Commander took this opportunity to check for her name. Tarran.

"And you?"

"Fine."

"Good."

She walked away and saw the other Zeranorian, Gen, shaking John's shoulders.

She reached for the intercom that went to all the decks, "Calling all decks. Report. Repeat. All decks report."

A few seconds a silents before a garbled voice came through, "Fear not Commander, I am still alive."

The Commander rolled her eyes, "Link, where's Ckkela?"

"She's on her way up. Er, trying anyways."

"How bad is it down there?"

"We're pretty beat up. But I have decided I love closets."

"Any casualties?"

"I dunno. I just know that Ckkela, this guy Tray, and myself are fine. Tray just left to go find people a minute ago, and I was just about to head down to Engineering."

"Report back to Bridge the minute you know anything."

"Alright Commander. I bet that Kkuet guy is really gonna get it from you, huh?"

She had nearly forgotten about him, but the minute AntiCure brought him to her she knew he had to have had something to do with it all.

"What exactly did he do?"

"Oh ya know, snapped the power cord to the engines. Destroyed all my hard work that was nearly done. Sent us spiraling without power into a storm."

Her fists clenched and her jaw cocked. "I'm gonna deck 'em."

"Have fun!"

The Commander righted herself and marched straight from her chair to the gaping hole to the outside. Without even the slightest hesitation jumped out the front and landed on the solid ground with a slight thud. Ignoring her throbbing foot and aching side, she marched straight for him.

(Your turn Allen! Sorry again it took me so long!

Lee, I hope you don't mind I used Link! I needed a reason to get the Commander steamed at Kkuet and Link was the only other one besides AntiCure who knew anything. If you have any dialogue changes I could always edit it!)

Post #207:  PINKPANSIES posted at Monday, December 16th, 2013, 03:49 AM:
Bethany heard yelling and loud noises in the distance. She forced her eyes open and found that the ship had stopped. 

She started to get up, but collapsed from the pain in her back. A crew-member leaned over her, "Are you alright, Lieutenant?" 

"I thi...I think something is wrong with my back. No! Don't try to move me. I'll wait until Doctor Ckkela gets here. Go and help the others."

The crew-member moved off, leaving Bethany alone. 
She tried to move again, but lapsed back into unconsciousness.  



[Sorry, its so short]

Post #208:  Titus2teen posted at Monday, December 16th, 2013, 04:14 PM:
( I like yours better! There! Edited!)
What is wrong with that girl?!

Not only had she kissed Kkeut on the nose, the first time anyone had done that, but... His heart skipped a beat. He turned slowly, hiding his emotions of course, he needed to the about this, to see the Commander.

"KKEUT!!"

The Commander walked up to Kkeut very angrily; two men in standard uniforms in her tow.

"Hey, Co-" Kkeut got stopped short when Commander's fist collided with his face. Ow... Ran through Kkeut's head.

"That's for my ship." The Commander said, a fire in her eye. Then she hit Kkeut again. "And that's for the people that died."
Kkeut winced. His respect for the Commander just went up.
Commander Gonzalez gave an icy glare at Kkeut. If looks could kill..., "Give me one good reason I shouldn't arrest you on the spot!" She hissed.

Kkeut grinned. "I ain't got one Commander. Cuff me." He said holding out his wrists, "I promise I'll behave."

One flick of her head and one of the men came from their place behind her. The restraining cuffs clamped down on Kkeut's wrists with a dull clang.

Both men now came and grabbed Kkuet by the elbows -not so gently- and looked to the Commander for more orders. Kkuet held back a snort. He knew very well that two men and a pair of handcuffs couldn't hold him. And by the glare Commander Gonzalez was giving, he could see she knew it too.

Finally she broke her glare to look at the men, "I will deal with him later." Kkuet couldn't help twitching his nose a bit in memory of her current "dealing". He could feel the blood dripping slowly from his right nostril. "You are to stay here and see that he doesn't go anywhere."

The men stiffened slightly. And while one nodded, the other spoke up. "Will you be sending in backup?"

Kkuet smirked and met the Commander's eyes. This time she didn't glare, she simply stared back -her eyes void of any readable emotion. "No, it won't be necessary."

She turns on her heels to walk, but stops once more. "Besides," she says, pausing while turning to meet his eyes once more, this time her eyes filled with emotion. Not heated, not icy, not even blank....Daring. "he promised."

That's more like it. Kkuet's smirk only growing as he watched Commander Gonzalez fade out of sight.

(Sorry for taking so long!)

Post #209:  Varyafírimar posted at Monday, December 16th, 2013, 06:19 PM:
Someone was talking to her. What were they saying...?

"...key, Var...ome on...I...not...yet, Varya!"

It was a man's voice beckoning her back to the land of the living.
Varya's eyelashes fluttered weakly as she struggled to regain consciousness against the tide of pain battering her senses. She found herself staring into the abyss and a small smile a-lighted on her face.

"There you are!" He said, grinning.

Her silvery eyes finally focused on his inches from hers.
It was Kkuet.
Varya's smile slowly faded as she realised who was her rescuer.
It. Was. Kkuet.
It seemed like an eternity as they looked into each other's eyes, waiting for one of them to break the silence.
Varya carefully raised her body off the tree trunk she was propped against, closed in the few centimeters between their faces and...she kissed him on the nose!
Kkuet jerked back after the quick peck. Who was this girl? Who did she think she was?! Kissing him like he was some sort of-of hero!!!

"Guess I won't kill ya' just yet. Couldn't knock off my knight in shining armor after he saved my life, now could I?" She winked at him before pushing herself to her feet.

He automatically reached out to steady her but Varya gently pushed his arm away and insted steadied herself against the alien tree.

"I'm fine! You go hash out your very existence and the reason this ship ain't in the air with the Commander." She said.

Varya pointed a long, black fingernail over his shoulder and smirked "Oh, look! Here she comes now!"

Oh, he was a dead man.

Post #210:  Missymoo posted at Tuesday, December 17th, 2013, 09:20 PM:
Breezy lay on the floor of the store room gasping for breath pain was shooting like fire across her chest and Breezy know that she must have hurt some of her ribs. Finally the pain abated and Breezy got to her feet and staggered towards the door. 
Once out in the passage Breezy began making her way towards the entrance of the ship. But she had only got as far as the bridge when she stumbled across the still form of a person.
Breezy hated being near dead or wounded things so she quickly got up and raced towards the opening in the wall and jumped down out of the ship. Then she ran over to where somebody who she thought to be the Commander was and blurted out that she had found a wounded person on the bridge then she ran off before any questions could be asked.

Post #211:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, December 17th, 2013, 11:14 PM:
Gen felt someone touch her shoulder. She leaped in the air, wheeling around. The defensive energy died on her fingertips, as she saw who it was who had touched her. A strange humanoid alien was floating above her, looking down curiously. She gestured towards John's limp figure.

"Hehlp?"

Gen frowned, still wary. "Yeah. Get a doctor."
The alien didn't seem to hear her, or else she didn't understand. She landed next to John and pressed a hand against his forehead. Gen stiffened, but said nothing. Then she turned to face Gen.

"I ca-ree heem, hehlp,"

Gen bristled, leaping to her feet. "What?! NO! You're not taking him anywhere! He's..." She trailed off. John was growing weaker by the moment, and he wasn't the only one hurt. There were crewmembers dying all over the ship. They needed help. She closed her eyes, swallowing her trepidation.

"His back might be injured. I don't know, I'm only an arms-lieutenant." She looked down at her friend. "Be careful with him."

A voice rose up through the shattered view-port, rage heavy in its tone.

"KKEUT!!"

Gen's eyes flamed. Kkeut. Mr. Silent and Stealthy. Mr. Kill-Us-All-Just-Because-I-Can. He's the reason for all of this. He's the reason the crew is dying, the reason we are stranded on this planet. The Commander is going to kill him...
But not if I get to him first.

Her rage rose up, overtaking her worry and fear for John. She leaped to the hole in the ship, leaped out and landed heavily. The Commander was already shouting at him. Two guards flanked his shoulders, keeping him in place, but he didn't look worried.
Typical. Thinks too much of himself to believe that he is fallible.
She cracked her knuckles. Maybe she should change that....

She stormed past the Commander, who seemed to be just finishing with him. Ignoring the guards, she grabbed Kkeut's shoulder (she was nearly five inches taller than he was) and raised her fist, crackling with electricity, her eyes narrowed to flinty chips.

"Give me one reason why I shouldn't electrocute you into a small pile of space debris, right now?"
__________

"Oh dear..." Ckkela said quietly. The readings on her Data-Pad were coming in, and they didn't look good. Four crewmembers dead already. When Link finished communicating with the Commander, she helped force the door open. Outside, the hall was empty.
Time to step up to the plate, Ckkela....

Post #212:  Varyafírimar posted at Wednesday, December 18th, 2013, 12:01 AM:
Varya watched as Kkuet was taken back towards the ship, his wrists shackled, and wondered what drove him to sabotaging the mission.
Her vague line of thought flew from her head as she saw a crewmember stalk towards Kkuet, grabbed him 'round the shoulders and, with hand full of electricity, demanded why she shouldn't fry him right then and there.
Well, that certainly wouldn't do, now would it?
Varya limped towards the group and leaned over Kkuet's shoulder to smile disarmingly at the silver-haired girl.
"Because I have dibs, sweetheart!"

~~~~~

(Kesnia post to go here)

Post #213:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, January 1st, 2014, 02:31 PM:
(Ahhhhhh, it's good to be back! Roleplay!!!!!!  
Abby, you did great with Link! 
I decided to go with a more suspenseful version of Lurid's history. Instead of just giving it to you flat-out, I'll give it to you bit by bit. Heheheheh.
Lurid will come in whenever he comes in. *shrugs*)

The Alli-Caan, or the Light Race, are known for their love of all things beautiful, bright, and pure. They spend their time in the light, always gazing and wondering at the sun, moon, and stars. They are born when light gathers in a place. It grows to a blinding intensity, and then fades, and in its place is an Iyanya, or Youth.

I was born in the shade, where no light reached. That was the first sign that something was not as it should be.

************************

Link broke off his communication with the Commander and leaned his head back, groaning. Was it even possible to have such a headache without your head just exploding?! Guess Link was living proof that it was...

"Man, guess I gotta see what needs repaired right away..." He gave Ckkela a parting wink and left the closet, and saw right away that the ship was really, really messed up. A root was slowing leaving the ship, but the damage was done. Steel, crumpled like paper! Exposed wires sparked dangerously, and the lights flickered irregularly. "Yikes."

He headed to the bridge, and was utterly shocked. The whole Viewdome was shattered. The glass was made to stand up to hyperspeeds in space, and there it was, in pieces. He rubbed his eyes, hoping it wasn't true. Unfortunately, it was.

Link leaned up against a wall and began logging the damage in his head. Viewdome: shattered. Engine 1: fried. Engine 2: crushed. Engine 3: ......

-----------------------------------------------------

"What?! NO! You're not taking him anywhere! He's..." The Zeranorian trailed off. Ytotia drew back her hand slowly. This man needed help; why was the Zeranorian saying no to help? But the Zeranorian closed her eyes a second later, swallowing, and said, "His back might be injured. I don't know, I'm only an arms-lieutenant." She looked down at her friend. "Be careful with him."

Ytotia only understood the last sentence, but that was all she needed. She smiled and bent down to size the man up.

The other one suddenly jumped up and ran off towards someone else. Ytotia watched curiously at the angry exchange going on between the three ladies and a guy. They sure seem to be hasty... Aren't the injured more important right now? But perhaps that was just how other species behaved.

She turned her head back to the Zeranorian. He was breathing, at least. "Yes uzum yem, vor duk’ art’nanum, khndrum yem. I need you to wake up, please." she murmured, not knowing how to say it in English. She gently lifted one of his hands and tugged at it. No response.

Ytotia leaned over more and blew softly into his ear. She had been woken up many a time like that. Perhaps it would work now. "Art’nanum, khndrum yem. Wake up, please."

Post #214:  Imogen posted at Friday, January 3rd, 2014, 07:31 PM:
Gen's eyes flickered from Varya, to Kkeut, and back to Varya. She drew herself up to we full height (rather tall) and snarled.

"Now listen here, missy, you think I got on this ship for a pleasure cruise? No! I got on here to do my job, which involves beating the heck out of anyone who gets in my way, or the way of my Commander. Now this bozo" she jabbed a finger at Kkeut. "has compromised the Commander, the ship, the crew, the entire mission, and me. I'm going to procede with my job, and if you've got a problem with that, then you can bang well be first in line when I start frying people heads off and electrocuting them to a finely pressed and ground dust, is that ABSOLUTELY CLEAR?!?!"
She stormed forward, raising her crackling fist.

______________________

Someone was pulling his arm.

"...come on, it'll be fun!"
"Don't want to."
"You're such a baby, Aronan!"
"Am not!"
"Gen would do it!"

Gen would do it.


Consciousness returned in a blur and with it, excruciating pain. He sucked in a ragged breath, retching. Someone was standing beside him. He dragged himself up, then sank back, too weak to move. A face came into focus somewhere above his head. It was a girl. A girl with wings.

"I didn't think... That heaven... Would look so much... Like the bridge of a ship...." He croaked.

The world was rushing back to him--sounds flooded his ears; people groaning, alarms blaring, and the crackling of wires and groaning of tree limbs. He blinked, his vision focusing. He blinked again.
The view port had been smashed.

"No... That's... That's not actually possible..."

He struggled to sit up, feeling sick and dizzy. Looking out of the shattered viewport he could see that they had landed--or crashed--at the edge of a forest. He dimly heard the Commander, then Gen shouting at the tops of their lungs. The winged girl touched his arm, but he did not respond. His eyes began to glaze as the darkness threatened to engulf him once more.

"I didn't kill us..." He murmured. "Yay...."

 His arm was sticking out at a bizarre angle, and a mask of dried blood extended from his broken nose. His hair usually wild, was also partially matted with blood. He blinked slowly, looking up at the winged girl.

_______________

Ckkela staggered through the warped ship, feeling her way along as the lights cut in and out.
"Oh dear...."
She tripped over a fallen beam and fell. Her paw landed against something warm.
Carefully, cautiously, Ckkela crept forward, feeling her way. She shifted her paw, gently feeling slog the warm object. Her eyes widened. It was an arm.
Quickly as she could Ckkela moved forward, blinking against the darkness. She could see better now--it was a body, lying on its face. She rolled it over.
It was Lee.

Post #215:  Autumn Lee posted at Friday, January 3rd, 2014, 10:19 PM:
The Alli-Caan are fair folks. White and blonde and silver are their hair. Their skin is pale, yet health glows from them. And their eyes are blue, always blue, with a bright intensity and beauty that draws your attention; and they seem to see more than just the physical.

My eyes were pink, nearly red. That was the second sign.

************************

"..."

"......"

"...I sense... something..."

"Something... but what...?"

"..."

"......"

"........."

************************

Ah! He was conscious now. Ytotia didn't understand his half-awake mumblings. He seemed surprised to be there, yet relieved somehow.

"Hee-loo." she said softly, not wanting to alarm him. "Ay hehlp. Ca-ree yo..." Ytotia scrunched up her face, unsure how to say 'hospital'. "Hivandanots’... Hivandanots’..." she murmured.

Ytotia shook her head and instead just tried to help the Zeranorian up, pulling on the arm that seemed aligned normally. The Etal was suprisingly strong for her thin frame, but then again, Zeranorians were thin, too.

He grunted with pain, very unsteady on his feet, but Ytotia supported him firmly. "Nay-mee Ytotia." she said, indicating herself. Then she pointed to him. "Nay-mee?" She hoped that simple questions would help him focus away from the pain.

"My name's John. Nice to meet you..." he managed between gasps of air. Ytotia was relieved he understood her. She really needed to work on her English...
She tried some more. "So-ree trees grabb sheep. Shipe." Ytotia stammered out. No, no, sheep were animals of Earth. Her cheeks flushed in embarrassment. John probably thought she was unintelligent...

-----------------------------------------------------

"Hey, Lee." Link gave her that usual mischievous grin that meant they would soon get in trouble. He pulled a knot of worms out from behind his back. "Wanna stick these in my sister's bed?"

"No! We'll get in trouble!" Lee protested, moving away from the slimey animals.

"But come on... Think of the look we'll get on her face!"

Lee resisted a moment more, then relented. "Oh, alright, Link. Let's do it. Actually, let's do two bunches, to make sure she notices them!" And the two rushed off, giggling with butterflies of anticipation.

Link always won her over, getting the good little Lee into all sorts of trouble. The two were inseparable when together. Lee had no siblings, and Link only had his 10-year-older sister, prim and proper and no fun. The two always looked out for each other, watching each other's backs for any angry parents coming.

And then they grew up.

"I don't want to be alone..." Lee murmured in response to Ckkela's actions. Her eyes fluttered open, unfocused, her voice slurred. She grabbed at Ckkela's paw. "Please... stay here..." she murmured, before slipping into blackness.

Post #216:  Imogen posted at Friday, January 3rd, 2014, 10:53 PM:
John struggled to stand. His legs felt like water. He felt someone helping him up.

"Nay-mee Ytotia." He blinked, his vision fazing in and out. The winged girl, Ytotia, pointed to him. "Nay-mee?"

He gulped and smiled wanly. "My name's John. Nice to... Nice to meet you...." He panted. Should the room really be spinning like this? He staggered against her, his head reeling.

"So-ree trees grabb sheep. Shipe." John blinked at her. She was fading in and out of view. What had she said? Sheep? No, no, ship. Ship.

"S'all right." He slurred. "Trees... The trees.... Yeah...." He closed his eyes, trying to get his bearings. "You saved us... The trees saved us... Crashing.... We were crashing. I couldn't... Couldn't...." He coughed and his eyes rolled into the back of his head, and he sagged limply against her.

_________

Ckkela grasped Lee's wrist, checking her pulse. It was racing. She pulled out her medical bag and set to work on Lee's head. "I'm not going anywhere until you are stable." She said, starting to clean and bind the wound.

Post #217:  Titus2teen posted at Saturday, January 4th, 2014, 01:45 PM:
(Sorry for the long post! Take it away people!)
The dull creak of the heavy metal door echoed in the dark room. The man behind the table quivered at the the light hanging from the ceiling, acting as if it could reach out a grab him at any moment. A rather large Bounty Hunter stood behind the man, arms folded, an unamused look on his face.

The Man at the other end of the table was a tough-looking, square-jawed agent-type.

"What Happened to him?" The Man asked, gesturing to the quivering one.

"Target Spooked him somthin' bad." The Bounty Hunter stated. "Next Time, I wanna pick my partner, your men get spooked too easily by Psi."

"But Dosam is a Psi." 

"Why's he so Spooked then?"

Dosam stopped quivering, looking up with horror in his eye. "You didn't see him. There's a black hole where his mind should be, but he was still in my head! His mind is a black hole, but he can still reach yours... He was all over the place, he killed the entire crew with a Seismic charge, he shouldn't have one of those!" Dosam looked directly into the agent's eyes. "He's strong without Psi... He doesn't need Psi to be a killer, why does he have it! WHAT DID YOU DO TO HIM!? WHAT DID YOU DO TO HIS HEAD!?" His voice lowered in to a whisper, "We set him on fire. He was just standing there, engulfed in flames, and he liked it. He liked the pain... The pain made him stronger... He enjoyed it... He's a maniac... He... He enjoys the pain....."

Dosam drew up again in, twiddling his fingers, staring at the ground. The Bounty Hunter snorted. "Please, He bleeds, that means I can kill him. Where is he now?"

The agent stacked his files calmly. "He's off the grid. And His employer would like to be found, not killed... Besides, your off this job."

"Please," The Bounty Hunter walked towards the door, as if he owned the place. "He Blew up my ship, I'm gonna find and hurt him for my sake, not yours."

His footsteps faded out into the hall, until he reached the end, at which point gunshots rang out, lasting over the sufficient time needed to render one dead. A dull thump was heard as the clanging of casings and clips bouncing off the floor echoed out through the hall. Then, silence. Deafening silence.

The agent stood up. "Don't worry Dosam, we'll get you some help, we take care of our own when they behave."

He walked out into the hall closed the door behind him, talking to the men outside.

"We need to find subject 00-001. He's off the grid, and has destroyed our means of contacting him. After we have done so much for him, and given him work, his sudden absence will not be tolerated. Especially not after his... Questions and curiosity about us. As his employers, We will find him. With extreme prejudice."

***

Well, I guess we know who's been dipping in the magic beans...

Kkeut looked up at Gen with smirk on face, waiting till she raised her fist in anger to slip out of the cuffs, duck(Naturally), and whip something out of his pocket yelling, "WAIT!"

Gen paused, the second blow about to come, only to see Kkeut with a pair of Reality-Uplink glasses on, which was very different whatever Psi-weapon she had expected.

"You wouldn't hit a guy with glasses, would you?" Kkeut said, an innocent look on his face, sticking his lower lip out.

"I'VE HAD IT WITH YOU!!" Gen screamed smacking Kkeut in the jaw, his glasses flying off. Kkeut jerked his head back around only to find a fist planted firmly in his stomach. He stumbled backwards,  looking up with a relieved look on his face.

Thank goodness she hit me somewhere other than my face. Thank goodness I have a rock for a stomach. Thank goodness 'them', wherever you are... Now to find a way out of this...

Gen's rage was reaching new limits. Not only did Kkeut he seem completely unconcerned, but he was acting juvenile! Like he didn't care at all about the ship, the people, or his biggest problem at the moment, her!

Kkeut crouched into into a defensive stance, giving a playful look. "I don't wanna fight you right now Lightning Rod."

Kkeut was in a good mood, and completely ignoring Varya, maybe the reason for his mood, and the reason for her dismay. She had to find way to get his attention, and stop this fight from happening, and obviously no one was listening to rank... 

Meanwhile, the two men that were 'guarding' Kkeut were looking the cuffs over trying to figure out how he got out of them, not mention how to stop this from becoming a brawl. They might need to call Commander for this...

Post #218:  Varyafírimar posted at Sunday, January 5th, 2014, 03:07 AM:
They might need to call Commander for this...
"QUIET!"
Everybody, guards, attacker and victim alike whipped their heads towards the irate second-in-command in shock.
Varya took a deep breath before continuing.
"Stand down, soldier. There shall be no murdering of fellow crewmembers while we are on an unknown planet." Varya's eyes flashed brightly as she stared down the insubordinate girl. "Do you understand me?"
A terrible chill silence settled over the group as they saw a different side of Varya. A dangerous person who had killed people to survive and was ready to kill again at a moment's notice.
Varya's eyes softly glowed with an unearthly light and the air rippled with her untold power as she awaited for Gen's answer.

~~~~~

Meanwhile in a galaxy far, far a-oh, wait, wrong RP!
Anywho, in a nearby system a luxury cruiser drifted through the star fields.
The Kerry family was currently in residence on the Queen of the Nile, along with a member of the Nasadran clan and Peter Swift.
They were currently in negotiations deciding what to do about the Nasadran trading company and the corsair band that was raiding it. The Nasadrans wanted to enlist the help of the Kerry army to route out and defeat the pirates.
Peter was there because his brother, Ned, was the leader of the corsair band.
It was a pity that they didn't notice the derelict-looking ships come out of hyperspace behind theirs. or that the Queen of the Nile didn't have any weapons whatsoever.

(Sorry it's so short!)

Post #219:  AstroNut posted at Monday, January 6th, 2014, 06:41 PM:
(Okay, here is my really, stupidly, despicably tardy post. I forgot when the forum opened back up and now I'm really behind! Waaaah!! But yeah, anyways, I'm picking up where I left off and shall have to completely catch up at a later time... yeah. Oh, and I probably got a few things wrong with the timeline and whatnot, if you see one could you tell me? Yeah, thanks. *Ends Kuzco-llama-like interruption*)



As soon as the jolt subsided Commander led the way into her ready room, alerting the rest of the senior crew to follow with a wave of her hand. 
She did not wait for the full number to reach the room before she turned to Victoria; " Lieutenant, if there is anything you know, anything you can do to help, do. And I suggest you do it quickly."
Victoria looked straight at Commander. "That anomaly we are heading towards has torn a hole in the fabric of space. If we get any closer, we are going to fall in, and we won't come back out." 
Commander stared a moment, thinking through the situation.

"Lieutenant, we have just experienced an engine failure. From what Ensign Tucker has told me, I highly doubt this ship will be able to escape being pulled in. Can the ship survive that?"

"...I doubt it. It would be like falling into a black hole."
"Which means?"
"Which means no, I don't think the ship has a chance to survive, not unless we turn around right now!"

Commander huffed. "Then go to engineering and help them sart the engine!" She said, harsher than she had intended.   She strode back to the bridge, leaving Cochran alone with her peers, who followed their commander, none too satisfied.  Cochran stared at their retreating uniforms, then realized Chief of Communications Iannone was still there.

"This hole...what would be on the other side?" The petite, Asian woman asked.
Cochran shook her head despondently and returned to her station, hoping to find in the five next minutes, a way to keep the ship from crumpling like a wad of paper.

                                              ********
But of course, five minutes later, Victoria was inside that crumpled wad, trying to find a way to avoid being crumpled herself. When the Outsiders hull had finally been engulfed in the storm, she was still at her console, looking at a live picture of the warping ship, trying to find a spot that would be resistant to the warping. Once they were fully in the storm however, it was impossible to stay seated. Another strong buck sent her to the ground, and she slid wildly across with bridge until her hands clamped onto a guard rail that stood just above the pilots station. She remained there for the Outsiders entire ride through the storm, even as the floor of the bridge warped and its geography rearranged.

Although she wanted desperately not to be aware of the chaos around her, Victoria could not close her eyes. When the the gaping hole was rent in the front of the bridge, the view screen blasted to oblivion, and equipment and crewmen hurtled noiselessly into space, she saw it all. Only when an Etal tree limb pushed its way through the hole into the bridge during the crash did Victoria lose consciousness.

Post #220:  Fox813 posted at Tuesday, January 7th, 2014, 10:18 AM:
(Is hoping that this doesn't interfere with other's being made posts)

Darius blinked slowly. His house had been hidden in a forest... but now...a ship had crashed right on top pf it. Well then. He walked over to the wreck. Some of the locals had already flown over to help out. Darius managed to crawl into the ship through a hole that a tree had punched through it. "Shocking how much damage a tree could do." As he walked through he saw two dead bodies on the ground. He shook his head."I don't envy you two."  Darius searched one of the bodies. Aha. He had found the person's identity card. "Outsider? So that's what ship this is? Hm. If I'm correct there are two people to find here." He scratched his chin. A guy named Kkeut and a stowaway named Fox "Well. This should be fun."

******************************
Fox heard shouting. His head hurt. His whole body hurt. And whoever was shouting would. not. SHUT-UP! "Shut-up. Shut-up. Shut-up. Please just shut-up." 
They didn't hear him. Fox sat up. Man. This place is wrecked. Wincing, he stood up slowly. "I'VE HAD IT WITH YOU!!" There was the yelling again. Fox followed the voice until he saw scary electric lady. There were a few others, two guy were standing around looking unsure of what to do. Electric lady was fighting some shady looking guy. Fox figured he should just go, but at the same time he was curious. He inched closer. And a little closer. Then tripped. This attracted their attention.  Scary lady snorted. "Well, look who's here." The one of the two guys decided that now was a good time to attack shady guy, while everyone was distracted. He leaped at him, cuff in his hand.

Post #221:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, January 8th, 2014, 03:28 PM:
The Alli-Caan are full of life. Whether sitting stone-still and watching the stars' slow movements, or running with the wild animals, they glow with warmth and life. If you touch them, you feel it -- warm, pulsing life.

My hands were cold. That was the third sign.

************************

Was someone trying to find him?

No, that wasn't it...

Was it...

...Someone he should find?

************************

John slumped against Ytotia, who wondered at the frailty of other species. She gently laid him on the ground. His arm... I think perhaps the shoulder has been dislocated. Ytotia had helped with injured animals before; this shouldn't be too different.

At least he was unconscious right now. Ytotia knelt down next to the Zeranorian, examining his arm. Quite a bit of the muscle must have been torn, as it was hanging rather limply. She gently took his jacket off. "So-ree..." she murmured as she moved his injured arm.

It slid back into place; John jerked, somewhat awakening. "Ow... What...?" Ytotia used his jacket as a makeshift sling, holding his arm firmly against his body. She smiled at him. "Ay hehlp. John good now."

-----------------------------------------------------

"What are you...? Yukan, stay here!" Sensa protested as Yukan struggled up. He gave her a patient look. "Sensa, I'm not the only one injured here. We should help others. Stop worrying about me."

Sensa looked away, feeling a little hurt somehow. "Fine..." She stood up abruptly and marched away. Yukan sighed, then turned to work on making himself a sling for his arm.

The bridge seemed to have all the help it needed; local aliens were taking care of that. Sensa headed off to the interior of the crumpled ship, taking turns at random, dodging sparking wires and sharp metal. 

It was dark when she ran into someone. "Hey, watch where you're going!" the someone said. Sensa, on instinct, took out her sword. The unknown person seemed to know it was there, because they said, "Er, sorry, didn't know you had a sharp thing..."

-----------------------------------------------------

Meanwhile, Yukan turned to look outside. What was going on? Varya, Gen, Kkeut, and three other people seemed to be in a fight. Wincing, Yukan made his way over the shattered Viewport, staggering slightly when he hit the ground.

"What a cold atmosphere here!" he said softly, coming to stand behind Varya. "And I'm used to the cold." Yukan took in the two furious ladies, a guy on the ground, and the guard trying to cuff Kkeut. He looked back at Varya. "I can take care of Gen; she's under my command."

Gen gave him a rather annoyed look; Yukan just returned it with a small smile. "There are more important things to do right now. Or did you forget your friend?"

Post #222:  Autumn Lee posted at Thursday, January 9th, 2014, 12:06 PM:
((Hope this isn't taking too much liberty with others' characters, just holler if you'd rather not go with this, but I thought it might give some of you something to do, since these characters haven't seen much action lately:

Victoria
Bethany
Breezy
Midnight
Kit
Esther
...And anyone else this might apply to.))

It was bright... Too bright...
After the blackness of unconsciousness, opening your eyes is not a pleasant experience.

And it was too noisy...
"Yes petk’ e glanap’at’yet’."
"Kan ayntegh."
"O՜, yes kartsum yem, vor ays mekn Art’nats’yek’!"
Chatter, constant chatter. It also didn't help to not understand what was being said.

"Welcome to Etalpalli." A strange face meets your sight, but not an unpleasant face. Rather pretty, but still alien. At least whoever it is is talking English. Although... What is Etalpalli?

"You are safe now. We took you to the hospital; your other crew members are being helped also."
Oh, yes... The Outsider crashed, didn't it?
"Please try not to move too much." And the face leaves your sight.

Time to take assessment of your injuries...

Post #223:  Fox813 posted at Thursday, January 9th, 2014, 08:35 PM:
Etalpalli? Midnight remembered hearing the name, but never any info on it. He looked at himself. His left side was all bandaged. His arm and leg were in casts. "Hm. Lucky to be alive. So..." Midnight turned to the alien that was by his bed. "How is the rest of the crew? Got a dead count? Is the commander okay?" The alien looked overwhelmed at all the questions at once. "Most...here." It picked it's words carefully and slowly. Note to self. They don't speak much English. Midnight nodded at the alien. "Okay. Thanks." It brightened at his words. And they like being helpful.   Midnight set his head back on the pillow and fell back asleep.

-----------------------------------------------------

Darius could make out a sword. "Perhaps, I could talk you into putting that away?" The lady didn't move. "Can anything I say...?" 
"Who are you?"
Darius smiled. "Ah, there we go! Here is my I.D....what do ya know? It must have fallen when we collided earlier. Surely it must be around here." Darius leaned down. He pretended to search, then stood up quickly and shot a sleeping dart gun at the lady. "Nite nite. Sleep tight!" Darius jumped over her as she fell to the ground.

Post #224:  GuitarGurl4God98 posted at Friday, January 10th, 2014, 01:44 AM:
(Yes, it's ridiculously short. I apologize! I wanted to do so much more, but I became pressed for time. 

*gradually grows dramatic* Go ahead, beat me! Spit on me! THROW ME INTO THE CELL WITH KKUET!! LET ME FEEL GEN'S STINGING WRATH!!!!

Or just tell me "all's forgiven!" and we can put the past in the past.....yes?

You: NEVER!!!!

*gulp*

*makes self scarce in the Etalpalli trees while the angry mob of homeschoolers hunt me down singing "Kill The Beast"*)



The Commander found Guardian in a pile of broken glass and shards of warped metal.

"Guardian?"

"Aye, Commander?" His voice came through garbled, yet still clearly enough.

"Are you alright?"

"Affirmative. No vital damage done, just banged up on the outside."

How she wished the same could be said for the ship. Looking back up to the ship her face turned grim. If she had thought it looked bad on the inside, the outside....

Abigail sighed. How were they going to get out of this? No. They would get out of it. They would push through till they were all home. It was her duty as a Commander.

"Guardian, is there anyway to get information on our surroundings? What planet is this? What is the name of the race that inhabits it?"

Her eyes landed on the aliens already moving about in the wreckage. When she had first seen them, it had been tempting to shoo them off. How was she to know if they were friendly? Then she saw them caring for her crew in such a gentle, calming way. She had to trust them. What other choice did she have really?

"I am working on it, Commander. Due to the current condition of the system, it's running extremely low."

Well, that about settled it. She would have to try and figure it out for herself. She would have to try and communicate with them, to arrange shelter and food for her crew, and without knowing a lick about them other then their stunning appearance.

"Do they speak English?" 

"Yes. At least, I believe so. The one who had come to me definitely spoke it. Though, it certainly isn't their native."

Her eyes landed on a pair of the aliens removing a large tree branch off of a crew member's smashed leg. As she started striding towards them a girl came running up to her in a frenzy. Not part of her crew, yet certainly she was human! How had she gotten here?

"I found....a...person," she said, doubling-over and trying furiously to catch her breath, "They've been wounded. Badly." And as quicly as the girl had come, she was gone. Running into the mass of trees.

Abigail looked at the Bridge, then back at the two aliens that were starting to walk away. 

"Wait!" she yelled, hoping to catch their attention. The person on Bridge would have to have someone else assist them, for now the Commander needed to find out where in the galaxies they were.



(Anywho! I was hoping that someone could take initiative on the Etal(s)? Do some back and forth convo between them and the Commander? Pwwwweeeeeaaaaazzzzz?)

Post #225:  Imogen posted at Sunday, January 12th, 2014, 08:07 PM:
Ckkela finished binding Lee's wound, wrapping the bandages tightly. "When we get you to the med-bay, I can fix you up properly, OK?" She glanced up, looking around. "Lee? Can you hear me? We've got to get out of here."

Still, Lee remained silent. Ckkela bit her lower lip, her ears slicking back. This was not good. Without waiting a moment longer, the K-Nire picked the girl up navigating her way towards the med-bay.


Panting, Ckkela rounded the last corner, and came to an abrupt halt. The walls had warped inward in the crash. There was no way that she could get through. "No..." She growled, her hackles rising. She placed Lee on the ground and tried pushing away some of the thinner bits of metal, but it was no use. Slowly, she turned and looked up. The bridge would have a med-kit with all the things she needed.

"Come on, Lee." She said, picking her up again. "Just a bit more...."
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

His shoulder popped back into place, and John yelped.
"Ow... What...?"

His vision returned, swimming before his eyes.

"Ay hehlp. John good now."

It was true, his shoulder did feel a lot better than before. Not so with his head. He reached a hand and winced. It came away bloody.

Now that he had some of his senses back, he began to gauge their situation. He had crashed them into a forest--a living forest, at that! The ship was badly damaged. Looking around the bridge, John groaned. This wasn't good. Looking at the way it had warped, he wasn't sure that it would ever fly again--at least, not without a long line of repairs!

He moaned, sitting up. "I've gotta speak with the Commander..." He groaned, feeling lightheaded and weak. The effects of the electrical storm had not quite worn off. The winged girl, Ytotia was her name, wasn't it?--she looked concerned. He smiled at her. "Would you help me... find... the Commander?"
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Gen looked from one to the other of them, her green eyes flaring dangerously.

"Why you... you..." She hissed, taking one long legged stride towards Varya. She jabbed a spidery finger in the First Officer's face. "NOW LISTEN UP, YOU OVERGROWN TOENAIL!!! IVE HAD IT UP TO HERE" (she motioned violently with one hand) "WITH ALL THE OFFICERS TRASHING THIS MISSION, NAMELY THIS TWO-HEADED MONGREL BLEEDING IDIOT!" She jabbed a finger at Kkeut. "NOW GET OUT OF MY WAY BEFORE I CRUSH YOU TO A PANCAKE-LIKE, BLOODY, SQUELCHING, FRAZZLED, ELECTROCUTED PULP!" She was about to lunge past Varya and go for Kkeut again, when someone came up behind them.

"I can take care of Gen; she's under my command."

Gen turned around, glaring back at the tall, white-haired man staring back at her. He just smiled. "There are more important things to do right now. Or did you forget your friend?"

Gen's chest clenched and she gritted her teeth. "I'm trying to kill the person who has likely killed him!" A wild snarl curled across her face. "You got a problem with that? You're going to have to send me to the brig before I listen to any of you lot! And you won't even be able to send me to the brig, because there is no brig anymore, all because of him!" She jabbed a finger at Kkeut, her eyes narrowing in pure hatred.

Post #226:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, January 15th, 2014, 08:53 AM:
The strikes were against me. My fate and my destiny were not to be in the way of light.

*******************************

Good thing she always wore her coat... The dart didn't pierce all the way through, but Sensa still felt its effects as her knees buckled under. An enemy...? Here, at this time? Who is he? What does he want? I'll need to warn the others... She ripped the dart out roughly, frustrated

Struggling to stand, Sensa headed back for the bridge. "Curses! He'll be there long before me..." she muttered. There wasn't any way to contact anyone.

Or was there?
Sensa definitely wasn't the strongest Psi-user, telepathy-wise. But she could try to contact Yukan.
She slumped to the ground, just trying to keep her mind awake. Yukan, there is an enemy on board. Appears human. Repeat, there is... an enemy... on board...

And with that, Sensa succumbed to the dart's effects.

---------------------------------------------------------

John moaned, sitting up. "I've gotta speak with the Commander..." He groaned, feeling lightheaded and weak. Ytotia looked concerned, but the Zeranorian smiled at her. "Would you help me... find... the Commander?"

He wished to speak with someone? But Ytotia shook her head. "Ay take yoo to doctoor." She pointed at John's bloodied hand.
Despite her sweet looks and manner, Ytotia wasn't going to be deterred from her task just by a smile.

John frowned a little. "I need to talk to the Commander." Ytotia just shook her head again. "John need hehlp." She pointed towards the hospital.

The two watched each other, a silent battle of wills. Ytotia wished to do as John would like - that was just in her nature - but she also wanted to do as she knew she should.

---------------------------------------------------------

Gen gritted her teeth. "I'm trying to kill the person who has likely killed him!" A wild snarl curled across her face. "You got a problem with that? You're going to have to send me to the brig before I listen to any of you lot! And you won't even be able to send me to the brig, because there is not brig anymore, all because of him!" She jabbed a finger at Kkeut, her eyes narrowing in pure hatred.

Yukan's smile faded, replaced with a look of concern. He stared steadily at Gen, silent for a moment. "Perhaps you wouldn't care, but killing him wouldn't make you any better than him."
"Besides, your friend is alive."
Yukan was silent a moment more, than mused quietly, mostly to himself, "Why is it that some lives are more important than others? Why people mourn one life lost and rejoice at another? Perhaps people simply do not understand the value of life..." He sighed.

He was about to talk, when words flowed through his head. Yukan... enemy... human... Repeat... enemy... board... Yukan's eye narrowed in concern. The thoughts were sluggish and disconnected. Yes, the two Guerrans' telepathic abilities weren't very strong, but they were generally better than this. Is Sensa hurt?

Gen rolled her eyes at Yukan's unexplained silence. (And then Imogen tells us all what Gen does next! )

---------------------------------------------------------

The Commander’s call caught the Etals’ attention. One of the two came over. It appeared to be a man, with light blue skin, dark blue hair, and deep violet eyes. Like all the other aliens, he had large wings, folded against his back for now.

He gave a small bow to Abigail. “May I be of assistance, young lady?” His English held no trace of an accent.

Abigail studied him for a second before raising her right hand and speaking, “I am Commander Gonzalez of The Outsider, residents of the planet Earth.” 

The Etal nodded, signaling her to continue, “We’re a science vessel, we had come to do tests on an anomaly at the edge of our galaxy, though we ended coming into contact with a massive storm instead. It wasn't kind to us as you can see,” she says gesturing to the wrecked ship behind her, “We come in peace. No harm will be done to your people, I assure you.”
Not that they were in any shape to harm anyone…

The Etal looked at the ship. "I apologize for the damage. I and my crew tried to slow your descent, but our efforts failed. I would also apologize for the trees' actions..."

He trailed off, then gave the Commander a smile, bowing slightly again. "We welcome the Outsider and her crew to Etalpalli, and we will assist you in any way we can. Some of your crew have already been transported to the hospital." He gestured towards one of the tall towers; Etals flew busily in and out.

“Mine and my people’s wholehearted thanks to the people of Etalpalli,” 

“The Etal; you may call us the Etal.” He interrupted, keeping the seemly ever-present smile.

“The Etal - excuse me,” The Commander’s lips twitching up into a smile, “Is there somewhere for us to be accommodated perhaps? An inn or something of the sort? I have a feeling we may be here for a few days….”

The Etal turned to look at the city, searching out a suitable place. It wasn’t often that Etalpalli hosted so many foreigners. And the towers weren’t made for the wingless...
However, the tower by the ship station was made with other races in mind.

He pointed to the said tower. “You will find accommodation in that tower, though rooms will have to be shared.” He rustled his wings a little. “Is there anything else you need, Miss Gonzalez?”

“No, that’ll be all. The rest I’m sure we can manage, you’ve done enough. Thank you,” she said bowing once more.

The Commander ran back to the ship and addressed everyone that was still inside, “Attention crew. We have been offered accommodations in a nearby tower, anyone who is able will be lead to settle down. Only take what you will need; space will be limited. All who are not able to make it far can settle temporarily outside the ship. We need everyone to vacate the ship now - any who are injured will be helped as well, simply stay where you are and we’ll find you. Fatally injured are also being taken to the nearby hospital to be monitored. Doctor Ckkela, you’re needed on the Bridge.”

((I've got nothing for Lee... And, yeah, that first part for Lurid is really short. *shrugs* But the rest of the post is long! Haha, I shall rival Imogen! C:<
Thanks for collabing with me, Abby! ^.^))

Post #227:  Missymoo posted at Wednesday, January 15th, 2014, 08:52 PM:
Abby was that girl who told you about the wounded person on the bridge was it Breezy?

Post #228:  GuitarGurl4God98 posted at Wednesday, January 15th, 2014, 09:05 PM:
(@Lee, thank you!

@Heidi, Yep!)

Post #229:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, January 15th, 2014, 09:52 PM:
"Ay take yoo to doctor."

John blinked, then cast a glance at the hospital. All the way up there? He would be no use to anyone! And besides, he needed to see the Commander! This was important...

"I need to talk to the Commander." He said again, frowning slightly. Ytotia wasn't going to relent so easily, however. She shook her head and pointed at the hospital. "John need hehlp."

John shrugged. "Weeeeeeellll... I'll be fine for now... honest. There are others worse off than I am...." He tried to ignore the dizziness and persistent pain in his head. He tried to move toward the shattered viewport, but Ytotia got in the way. She looked more serious now. "Yoo wait! Need hehlp!"

John frowned. "But the Commander..." I have to tell her about the readings... His mind flashed back to just after they exited the Storm. Those readings....
He was about to try and leap past Ytotia, when the Commander came onto the Bridge.

“Attention crew. We have been offered accommodations in a nearby tower, anyone who is able will be lead to settle down. Only take what you will need; space will be limited. All who are not able to make it far can settle temporarily outside the ship. We need everyone to vacate the ship now - any who are injured will be helped as well, simply stay where you are and we’ll find you. Fatally injured are also being taken to the nearby hospital to be monitored. Doctor Ckkela, you’re needed on the Bridge.”

With an apologetic glance at Ytotia, John ducked past her and limped up to the Commander. "Cap'n!" He called, his voice a pained rasp. His arm, although fixed quite well by the Etal, was hurting again, and he felt faint from the loss of blood. He stopped in front of the Commander, leaning on a console for support and running a hand nervously through his bloodied hair. "Cap'n..." He repeated. "I wanted to tell you, before we went down I got some readings that I think you should know about..." He paused. She looked at him.

"And?"

He cleared his throat. "The Storm seems to have thrown us out of our home Galaxy... I... I'm not sure how far, but..." He trailed off.
The Commander stared.
"Well..." She finally said. "I guess I'm not surprised. I wouldn't be surprised by anything at this point." She sighed and turned away. "Go get some rest, Ensign."

"Yes m'am." John croaked, feeling his heart sink.
What are we going to do?

He slumped against the console, closing his eyes and trying to regain his bearings. I really need to sit down....
He felt a hand on his shoulder and he looked up. Ytotia was standing beside him, looking worried. John smiled reassuringly.

Well, whatever happens, at least we're not in this alone...

John straightened up, clenching his fists on the console. "Cap'n!" He called. The Commander stopped and turned around, her face unreadable.

"Yes, Ensign?"

John's voice dropped to a hoarse whisper. "Sorry I crashed her...."
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Yukan's smile faded, replaced with a look of concern. "Perhaps you wouldn't care, but killing him wouldn't make you any better than him. Besides, your friend is alive."
Gen's eyes narrowed, and just for a moment a look of deep fear and grief passed over her face. And if John dies, what happens to me?

Don't take me back! I don't want to go back! Don't make me!!!

She shook herself, a snarl of rage crossing her face. Yukan was still talking. "Why is it that some lives are more important than others? Why people mourn one life lost and rejoice at another? Perhaps people simply do not understand the value of life..."

"I understand the value of life." She said quietly, turning to look at Kkeut. "I understand that four people are dead, because of him. Four people will never walk across the grass, nor breath nor speak. Four families are broken now, because one man made a stupid decision. Do you not think that that act demands justice?" She took a step forward. "I won't kill him. But I demand retribution."
___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Ckkela stumbled onto the bridge and gently lowered Lee to the ground. Casting her gaze around, she sucked in a quick breath.
This is not good....
She cleared her throat. "Can I have everyone's attention please? We need to set up an on-site emergency ward. We need cots, and medical supplies."
Three bridge officers rose and, after a glance at Ckkela, ran off to gather materials. The K-Nire bent down and shifted Lee so that she was out of harm's way. She wasn't in critical condition now, she would be all right for a little while.
Ckkela began a rotation of the bridge. At the railing just above the pilot's console, she stopped and bent down. The Scientific Officer, Victoria, was out cold. Quickly Ckkela picked her up and moved her beside Lee, checking her vitals. Once she was sure she was stable, she moved on to check on Beth.
Lets hope things go up from here....

Post #230:  PINKPANSIES posted at Wednesday, January 15th, 2014, 10:55 PM:
(I'll post as soon as I'm settled back in to home, I only got home yesterday from Christmas Holidays.)

Post #231:  Autumn Lee posted at Thursday, January 16th, 2014, 07:21 PM:
My name was Yanalli, or 'Little Light', and everyone feared me.

The Alli-Caan do not usually know fear, but I could see it in their eyes when they looked at me. It was fear of the unknown. I was not like them, I was different.

As for me, I feared the voice in my head.

*******************************

Despite her protests, John rushed over to who Ytotia assumed was the 'Commander'. Their conversation was brief, but tense.
"The Storm seems to have thrown us out of our home Galaxy... I... I'm not sure how far, but..." The storm threw them...? They are far from home? The Commander sighed at the news, then told John to get rest.

Ytotia moved over to John. "Hehlp now?" Ytotia said to John, silently imploring him to consent. She could tell he couldn't stand on his own well, and his short breaths told her of his pain. With a sigh of her own, Ytotia sat down next to John, folding her wings up at her sides. It would be almost cruel to make him walk to the hospital, even with her help. "So-ree..." she murmured. Ytotia wished she was better with strangers...

Perhaps she hadn't been looking well before, but she was suddenly struck with how bad the wreck was. People around her were injured, dying, or dead. She knew the concept of dead, but she had never encountered death before.

She shook herself.
Ytotia stood up, looking at John. "John feel oh-kay, go doctoor?"

------------------------------------------------------------

"I understand the value of life." Gen said quietly, turning to look at Kkeut. "I understand that four people are dead, because of him. Four people will never walk across the grass, nor breath nor speak. Four families are broken now, because one man made a stupid decision. Do you not think that that act demands justice?" She took a step forward. "I won't kill him. But I demand retribution."

Yukan focused back on the present. He took a step back. "That is understandable, but you should let those in charge take care of it." He gave the others an apologetic look. "I'm sorry, there's something I must attend to. Lieutenant, I would appreciate it if you would accompany me, but I understand if you don't."

Yukan gave a small bow (always the gentleman) and turned back, walking towards where he thought Sensa might be.

He passed the Commander. "Ah, Commander, there might be a situation that needs your attention..." Yukan looked over at Kkeut, Varya, and Gen. A slight bow of his head, then he was walking again.

------------------------------------------------------------

Lee was echoing Link's thoughts: Was it even possible to hurt this much?
She groaned, opening her eyes. Where was she? It didn't look like the last place she remembered being.

There was... Ckkela, right? She kept moving; Lee couldn't focus on her. She turned her head towards something less mobile. Others were lying by her.

We... crashed, didn't we...? Lee was actually surprised she was alive. Hadn't she been bleeding quite a lot earlier?

"Bloody...!" Link's shout made Lee's ears ring. His face appeared above her, lacking its usual grin. "I mean, literally, bloody! Man... Am I glad you're alive, Lee! Your hair isn't normally red, is it, though?" He grimaced a little.

Lee gave him a small smile, just happy to see his familiar face. "What... happened...?" she croaked. That made Link frown more.
"We-e-e-ll... The storm was too strong for us... You know, we tried valiantly to pull out. And then on top of that, some guy decided to rip out some very important parts of the ship. Apparently we crashed here on Etalpalli, where we proceeded to be attacked by trees."

Trees? Did she hear that right?
"The ship... Well, I'll be surprised if it flies again..." Link muttered. "And then there's the fact that Etalpalli is far from our own galaxy. At least the locals are nice..."

So... to sum up: the situation wasn't very good. Lee's head hurt just thinking about it all... She turned visibly paler.
"Link! Don't stress her out! She needs rest!" Ckkela was next to them, shooting Link disapproving looks; he just returned them with a smile. "Ah, don't worry! She'll be fine with you in charge! You're good at saving lives!" He winked at the K-Nire.

Post #232:  PINKPANSIES posted at Friday, January 17th, 2014, 12:11 AM:
(I have a post in the makings, but it will be a little while before it is ready to post.)

Post #233:  Imogen posted at Friday, January 17th, 2014, 11:44 PM:
Ytotia moved over to John. "Hehlp now?"

John didn't answer, deaf to her query. He slid down the console, falling to the ground. He heard her sigh, and Ytotia sat down next to him, folding her wings up at her sides. "So-ree." She said quietly. He blinked slowly, looking at her as if seeing her for the first time.

"That's all right." He said quietly. "Its not your fault."

As he watched her, he saw the way her eyes flickered around the bridge. She was young, and as far as he had seen her people were very peaceful. She had probably never seen blood, or death before. He placed a soft hand on her shoulder and squeezed gently. "Its all right." He said quietly.
"Sorry I hit the trees..." He rasped quietly. "Thanks for saving us! If you hadn't come we'd all be dead by now." He chattered, his face flushed. "Funny things, trees! Wonder why they do that... back on Zeranor, they wouldn't...

"They shattered the Viewdome! That's not supposed to happen.... I don't know if that's ever happened before.... How fast were we going when I landed her? I can't even remember at this point... Blimey though, this would happen! Crashing the ship on my first piloting job into deep space...." He blinked, and looked back at Ytotia. "Sorry... I'm talking a rather lot, aren't I? Sorry about that. I tend to do that frequently... sometimes... not often.... Actually never mind. Carry on."

She looked at him, a concerned glint in her eye. He smiled reassuringly, but it was only skin deep. He felt wretched. His forehead was burning again. He watched as Ytotia looked around, then helped him to his feet. "I hehlp. No com-plaits."

He saluted weakly. "Yes ma'am!"
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Yukan took a step back. "That is understandable, but you should let those in charge take care of it." He gave the others an apologetic look. "I'm sorry, there's something I must attend to. Lieutenant, I would appreciate it if you would accompany me, but I understand if you don't."

Gen watched as he walked away. She cursed viciously under her breath. Turning, she shoved Kkeut in the chest, emptying a charge of non-lethal electricity into his body, then shoving past Varya and storming away.

The robot was lying beneath a tree. It took her a moment to realize that it was actually AntiCure.
She walked over and slumped down beside him, burying her head in her arms, her knees tucked up against her chest. She fell completely silent; the only movement she made was the slight shaking of her shoulders.

(I'll wait to post for Ckkela )

Post #234:  PINKPANSIES posted at Sunday, January 19th, 2014, 01:47 AM:
Bethany slowly awoke to find a strange face bending over her. 
She tried to sit up. But the strange face became an arm as well, and held her back. 
"Lie still. Got cracked back. Stay still till help comes."
Bethany nodded and lay still. Then she asked in a husky voice, "What happened? Did the Outsider crash?"
"Yes dear. The Ship crashed. Where are you hurt?" Ckkela said, bending down and touching Bethany on the shoulder. 
"She got cracked back. Don't know what to do."
Ckkela nodded and called over some men with a stretcher. "We'll get you up to the hospital Bethany."


(OK! It's very short, but I guess it will do.)

Post #235:  GuitarGurl4God98 posted at Monday, January 20th, 2014, 12:46 PM:
"........Doctor Ckkela, you're needed on the Bridge." The Commander cut the feed with a sigh. Four dead. She was trying not to let it get to her, but this was a science vessel. No harm was supposed to be done. She looked over the names of the dead.

Jeremiah Tudd, 34, Science Officer
Renee Nollen, 38, Communications
Cory Dempty, 47, Engineer
Alexis Gruss, 17, Science Intern

As she went over the last one, something tugging deep inside her. Only seventeen years old. Only a Science Intern who was going on the journey of her life. Someone who had her whole life in front of her. What was she to tell this girl's family? A tear choked her, but she refused to let it fall.

"Cap'n," John's painfully raspy voice called her out of her thoughts. She cleared her throat willing her eyes to dry. "Cap'n..." He repeated, "I wanted to tell you, before we went down I got some readings that I think you should know about..."

Her curiosity caused her to meet his eyes immediately, "And?"

He cleared his throat. "The Storm seems to have thrown us out of our home Galaxy... I... I'm not sure how far, but..." He trailed off.

They weren't even in their home galaxy anymore. Surprising? No....yet it was still a hard concept to grasp. Not that they were out, but rather that they hadn't a clue of where they were. Or how far they really were. How were they to know if the storm had thrown them well over thousands of lightyears from their homes?
"Well...I guess I'm not surprised. I wouldn't be surprised by anything at this point." She sighed and turned away. "Go get some rest, Ensign."

"Yes m'am." John croaked hopelessly.

Abigail turned make her way outside trying to wipe away the grief. Concealing everything was the best thing to do for her crew's sake.

"Cap'n!" John stopped her once more.

She turned around to face him, his face nearly cracking her facial mold, "Yes, Ensign?"

"Sorry I crashed her...." he said in something barely above a whisper. He dropped his eyes to his feet.

She watched him carefully. He couldn't think this was his fault? "Get some rest, John. I'm gonna need you to help me get her flying again. I'll be by to check on you later," she said laying an attentive hand on his scrawny arm.

"Aye," John said mustering up a sad smile.

The Commander nodded at the Etal standing slightly behind him then made her way out of Bridge. Officer Orbas smiled as he came closer to her.

"Ah, Commander, there might be a situation that needs your attention..." he said glancing over to a group. A group that surrounded.....Kkuet. She huffed and watched the scene before her. Gen rammed into Kkuet, pushed past Varya in a not-so-friendly way leaving Kkuet a writhing heap of limbs and Varya smirking as Gen stormed off in the other direction.

She continued on towards the scene and - ignoring the grunts on the ground - came up behind the First Officer. "I need you to stay here and keep progress moving. I'm going to lead all who can to that tower over there. As soon as we have everything settled I'll return with John, Link, and Delvin. Hopefully we can get this bird back in the air...." she said turning and nodding at Kkuet. "And make sure he gets properly restrained."

The Commander started to walk off but noticed someone sitting curled up under a tree. As she got closer she realized it wasn't just anyone. The tuft of white hair peaking out from under long skinny arms caught her off guard. Gen? She watched as the lanky girl shook ever so slightly and debated patting her shoulder. Better not.... "Everything alright, Lieutenant?"

Post #236:  Autumn Lee posted at Thursday, January 23rd, 2014, 09:17 AM:
Only I heard it, whispering from the shadows, few as they were. I would cling desperately to light, just trying to escape it. At night, it would creep into my dreams.

At first, I only had the impression of a whispering voice, no clear words. I would wake up with a faint memory of terror, but it would fade.

The others didn't understand my fear, didn't understand the dark circles under my eyes.

And then a light drove back the darkness for a while.

*******************************

John was talking, quite a lot. Unfortunately, it was a little too fast for Ytotia to understand very well. Fortunately, it was the kind of talk that wasn't necessary for the listener, but rather necessary for the speaker. He just needed to get it out.

She looked at him, a concerned glint in her eye. He smiled reassuringly, but it was only skin deep, it didn't reach his eyes. He watched as Ytotia looked around, then helped him to his feet. "I hehlp. No com-plaits."

He saluted weakly. "Yes ma'am!" They started to walk when Ytotia's father entered the ship.

"Hayr! Father!" Ytotia called, feeling somewhat relieved when he came over. "Karogh yek’ ognel indz tanel nran hivandanots’? Can you help me carry him to the hospital?"

He looked over John, then turned to Ytotia, giving her instructions in their native language. John watched rather unsteadily. The male Etal turned back to John. "We are going to carry you to the hospital. Our towers are designed for us with wings, so we will need to fly while carrying you. Are you agreeable to this?"

(Um, that's all for today, folks! Gotta give you a break from all my long posts )

Post #237:  King Pellinore posted at Saturday, January 25th, 2014, 05:42 PM:
Okay, so Pellinore (me) and Hogan have been deported to the Outsider to manage security.  

Pellinore coolly stepped out of the teleportation unit.  Hogan tramped out; not very happily.  "Smooth genius, very smooth.  We had a nice job already, and you volunteer for us to work on this 'Side-Winder'."  "Outsider," corrected Pellinore as he looked at his surroundings.  "Well, lets go find this Commander Gonzalez," said Pellinore.  "Humph!" grunted Hogan.  "Feels like there's a storm brewin'," he thought.

Post #238:  Fox813 posted at Monday, January 27th, 2014, 09:23 AM:
BEHOLD!!!

Fox sat against the side of the Outsider. He had hoped the journey would have been pleasant, but like everything else he did it didn't go as planned.

1 year ago

"FOX!" Fox winced. He hated how policeman like Smith waited to shout until they were an inch from your ear. "Yeah? What cha want?" Fox knew what he wanted. Fox had spray painted the side of the high school with things like; lame, dumb and I h8 this place. Just for fun. He hadn't expected to get caught though. "You are coming to the station. Now." Fox sighed and followed Smith.  

*******************************

Tray woke up. "Wha..?" He was in a closet. "Oh, yeaaahhhh. The ship went kaboom. Where is Link?" Tray got up and headed towards the bridge. Somehow he just knew Link would be there. And he was. "Hi Link!" He smiled big. Then he saw Lee. She was hurt. "Princess!!!!" Tray rushed to her side. "Link, how is she?!" 
"She's okay...How are you?"
"Fine. Who crashed the ship? I know the engines wouldn't just give out, so who messed them up?"

*******************************

Midnight looked around him. Aliens of some sort were dressing his leg wound. Like the Titanic. The Outsider, best ship in the world! Then this... "Thank you... I wish to rest now." The local aliens bowed and left without a sound. 


*******************************

Kit was trapped in the kitchen. There were knives on the shelf, the one that looked like it was about to fall on her. "Help! Someone, please!!" Kit knew that the shelf would kill her if it fell. And if by some miracle it didn't, the knives surely would.

*******************************

Darius scanned the bridge. No one of interest. Darius started heading to another room. "I would not go any farther." Darius felt a sword at his neck. Now, how are we getting out of this one...?

Post #239:  Imogen posted at Friday, January 31st, 2014, 10:55 PM:
"Everything alright, Lieutenant?"

Gen jumped, her head flying up and eyes flashing flintily. She looked ready either to punch someone, or burst into tears. Upon seeing who it was, however, she went for something half way.

"Oh... Commander." She blinked, shuttering her red-rimmed eyes and glancing away. "Alright, then?" She blinked, seeming to suddenly remember that she had been asked a question. Her eyes flickered from the Commander, to the wrecked ship and the small group standing around Kkeut, then back.

"They wouldn't let me hurt him." She whispered hoarsely. She glared up with fire in her eyes. "I wanted to make him suffer... for what he did. The people he killed. I want to hurt him. I wanted to..." Her voice dropped away and she was left cold, staring in hatred past the Commander, at Kkeut.

"He won't be safe. Not for the rest of his life." She met the Commander's eyes. "I will make him pay for what he did. If it kills me, I will kill him first." She snarled bitterly. She didn't care that this was the Commander that she was talking to, that she could be thrown into the brig for speaking in this way, or that the Kkeut-destroying AntiCure was sitting next to her.

"There shall be justice."
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

"We are going to carry you to the hospital. Our towers are designed for us with wings, so we will need to fly while carrying you. Are you agreeable to this?"

John swayed unsteadily, and a gentle smile slipped across his face. "Well, I'm not sure I have much choice, do I? Not that I object at all. Actually, I think its better... better that way...." His voice began to fade and his vision blurred. He clutched desperately at Ytotia's arm.
______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Ckkela was feeling a lot more confident. The wounded on the bridge were coming under control, and a makeshift hospital for those too hurt to be moved immediately. Link was talking to Lee. As the K-Nire watched, Lee became visibly paler at hearing their situation.

"Link! Don't stress her out! She needs rest!" Ckkela trotted over to them, a disapproving look on her muzzle, but gentleness in her eyes. Link returned it with a grin.

"Ah, don't worry! She'll be fine with you in charge! You're good at saving lives!" He winked at the K-Nire.

Ckkela blushed through her fur, her ears turning back in embarrassment. She turned away from him with a small wag of her tail, trotting over to a girl named Bethany. An Etal was already with her, monitoring her condition.

Bethany's voice was husky when she spoke. She didn't seem to be able to move. "What happened?" She asked of the Etal beside her. "Did the Outsider crash?"

"Yes dear, the Ship crashed." Ckkela replied. "Where are you hurt?" She bent down and touched Bethany on the shoulder, her furry paw comforting. 

"She got cracked back. Don't know what to do." The Etal replied, his face worried. Ckkela nodded and turned around. She called to two of the larger Etals, who were carrying a stretcher. "We'll get you up to the hospital Bethany." She said gently. "Just stay still."
Beth nodded very slightly, and Ckkela helped them shift her onto the stretcher. She frowned as she watched them carry her away. If her back was broken... Ckkela shook her head. No. It won't be. Trying not to think about it, she turned back to Lee and Link.

"Are you feeling any better, Lee?"

She noticed that Tray had joined them.
"Who crashed the ship?" He asked. "I know the engines wouldn't just give out, so who messed them up?"

For a moment, the hint of hardness crossed the K-Nire's eyes. "Kkeut." She growled, her muzzle rippling.

Post #240:  Willow Skyrider posted at Saturday, February 1st, 2014, 12:23 AM:
(*Glances at the rusting tin-can* Would this tree-house happen to have a ground-level door?)

Post #241:  Autumn Lee posted at Saturday, February 1st, 2014, 10:21 AM:
(The one tower the Commander said to go to does. The others don't; entrances at least five feet off the ground.)

When all the others drew back from me in fear, one reached out a kind hand to me. "We love the butterflies for all their different patterns. Can we not love him?"

Her name was Callawyn, or 'Flowing River', and she saw something in me no one else did.

*******************************

Ckkela went to attend to others; Tray arrived. "Who crashed the ship? I know the engines wouldn't just give out, so who messed them up?"

Link and Ckkela, who had come over again, answered as one hard voice: "Kkeut." Then they blinked, looking at each other in embarrassment.

"Who is... Kkeut...?" Lee asked. Link shrugged. "Don't know. From what my computer says, I don't think he was even supposed to be on the ship. But, er, there does seem to be quite a few stowaways on this journey. Heat vision picked up several."

Why had a scientific exploration gone so bad? Why were there such dangerous stowaways? Lee closed her eyes, her head hurting.

-----------------------------------------------------

John swayed unsteadily, and a gentle smile slipped across his face. "Well, I'm not sure I have much choice, do I? Not that I object at all. Actually, I think its better... better that way...." His voice began to fade and his vision blurred. He clutched desperately at Ytotia's arm.

"John be oh-kay!" Ytotia said softly, almost to herself rather than John. Her father came over to help lift him up. They put their arms in a sort of chair form, and John sat in it.

"Now, please try not to move too much," the blue Etal said, as they spread their large wings.

Flying a ship and flying people are quite different. Flying people aren't as smooth; there is the up-down beat of their wings, the unsteady flight that comes with it.

Ytotia, noticing John's face getting a little pale, said, "So-ree..." The Etal was getting tired of saying that, thinking that. She was doing her best, wasn't she? I suppose... this is what they call 'the real world'? And I should get used to it...?

-----------------------------------------------------

Yukan spotted an unfamiliar person leaving the bridge. That may be who I need to find... He walked quickly, to come up behind the man.

"I would not go any further." Yukan's icy sword was against the man's neck in warning. "Who are you? What are you doing on this ship?"

The man was opening his mouth, about to answer, when they heard a scream, and the words, "Help! Someone, please!!" It seemed to be coming from the kitchen.

Yukan pushed the man against the wall and froze his hands to it. "I'd appreciate it if you'd stick around 'til I come back."
Yes, it probably wasn't the wisest thing to do, leaving a person of unknown strength in such weak bonds, but Yukan had to help whoever it was.

He wrenched open the crumpled kitchen door, to find the cook, Kit, about to be carved.

Yukan jumped over the wrecked furniture and appliances to get to Kit. "Don't worry..." he murmured, placing himself between her and the knives while he pulled heavy wreckage off the girl.

Kit's eyes went wide, and she screamed, "Look out!!!"

The shelf lurched, dislodging its supply of sharp metal. Yukan turned swiftly around, swinging his arm and leaving a thick trail of ice behind it. The knives lodged inside the ice.

The cook's eyes still wide, Yukan pulled her out and got out of the danger zone. She started to thank him, but Yukan cut in (rather unlike his usual self), "Go to the bridge. I have something else to attend to."
Now to see if the mystery man was still there...

Post #242:  Missymoo posted at Sunday, February 2nd, 2014, 02:31 AM:
After she had delivered her message to the Commander Breezy turned away and fled away into the forest. 
*******
After running a fair way Breezy came to a tree larger then any other tree she had passed and also there was a good sized hole in it's roots where she could rest. Breezy was very glad of this because after running all that way she was very tired and her ribs had started to hurt again.
It was warm inside the hollow tree and Breezy burrowed down into the 
dry leaves and racked them over as if they were a blanket and in a few minuets she was asleep.

Post #243:  Willow Skyrider posted at Sunday, February 2nd, 2014, 03:47 PM:
Guardian opened his eyes as Gen sat down besides him, and was about to say something, but she dropped her head to her knees and began sobbing quietly. He decided that if she desired conversation, in time she would speak to him.

A few minutes passed, and with no sign of conversation coming from Gen, he glanced up. "Everything alright, Lieutenant?", It was the Commander come to check on the desolate woman. It was always a better idea to let the persons of flesh to try and console each other. At least she wasn't sobbing anymore, he was thankful for that.

"I wanted to make him suffer..." She was saying. "I wanted to hurt him... There shall be justice." Guardian twisted his neck and did a bio-scan of Gen's apparent-emotions. She wasn't so much in grief now, but there was a cold flame beginning to build in her chest.

"Commander," Guardian began, looking at her out from his two mechanical eyes, the right one cracked, like a hardened glass having been dropped to the tile, and fracture lines appearing but without fragmentation. "Iz there zuch a way for theze nativez to carry me inzide one of their towerz, or back to the Outzider? I zhould feel that I could be of more aid to the repairmentz if I wazn't zo oddly twizted about my leg." He pushed his hands to the ground and sat himself squarely, she thought for a moment it was for comfortability, but since when did Robots need to be comfortable?

He indicated the scarred leg with the missing platelets, the missing "finger" off of his left hand, the scratched eye-piece on his rightside, a few bruises or more accurately- dents, and then of course his lingual-systems appeared to have as well been scathed by the crash-landing. The commander rolled her eyes, if they ever wanted to kill this machine, it would be easier just to drop him into space and let his batteries drain... Did he even have batteries?

"The mechanic zurvived, correct?"

(1:35 AM, Excuse me while I go try and figure what the heck I did to the poor ship's design on page 16.)
(2:35 AM, I have refined the confusing directory of The Outsider, and have created a map toboot! Good night. I'll see you sometime late afternoon once I finish my breakfast.)

Post #244:  PINKPANSIES posted at Monday, February 3rd, 2014, 04:47 AM:
"What is going to happen to me now? I won't be any use to Commander. Oh dear."
Bethany sighed, as the Etals carried her to the hospital, "With a cracked back, I won't be able to walk."

Hearing a commotion, Bethany carefully turned her head and saw that strange woman, Gen, throwing a fit. 
She saw the Commander say something and turn away, then walking over to her stretcher.

The Etals stopped as Commander approached and lowered the stretcher to the ground.
Bethany looked up as tears sprang to her eyes.
Commander knelt down and put her hand on Bethany's shoulder.
"What injuries do you have, Lieutenant?"

Bethany gave a little choke and sniffed. "They say my back is c...cracked Commander." The tears overflowed, and she carefully raised a hand to wipe them away.
Commander gently pulled Bethany's hand away, and pulling out a kerchief, wiped them away.

"Easy....easy, Lieutenant." The Commander calmly hushed. "I'm sure your back isn't that bad. We'll have you up and about again soon, with Doctor Ckkela's care, and the help of these good people."

Bethany smiled a little and Commander stood up, giving her shoulder a rub.
"Keep your chin up and smile."
The Etals picked up the stretcher and went on toward the hospital.

Post #245:  Missymoo posted at Monday, February 3rd, 2014, 05:29 AM:
Many miles away from the planet that the Outsider had crashed on there was another planet that had fallen under stress it was Elvvanar home of the elves. Elvvanar up to this time had been a very peaceful planet trading quietly with it's neighbors until they had arrived then the whole planet had erupted into war. 
Roseena's parents fearful of her safety decided to send her far away till the trouble was over. Roseena did not want to go but she had no choice and five days later she and all the other children left Elvvanar.
It was a long and tiresome journey but finally it was over and Roseena for the first time in her life set foot on land she did not know.

Post #246:  King Pellinore posted at Monday, February 3rd, 2014, 10:39 PM:
Pellinore crashed against a wall of the Outsider.  "What happened?" he asked Hogan who lay, crumpled against the wall. 

"Ow." 

"You okay?" 

"As I'll ever be Sir." 

Pellinore sighed.  "We'd better go see what caused that." 

"Check."

Post #247:  Varyafírimar posted at Tuesday, February 4th, 2014, 01:04 AM:
Varya watched seemingly emotionless as the silver-haired psycho was pulled away from Kkuet.
Cocking her head, silver-grey eyes still trailing after the retreating figures, spoke to the disgruntled assassin beside her.

"I have met others as cocky as she and have dared talk to me in such a manner. They didn't live long enough to do so again." Varya, finally turning her head to look Kkuet straight in his eyes, continued. "Sadly, I shall have to post-pone my revenge and deal with you instead." Snorting she shook her head in disdain "And how exactly shall I deal with the person who brought us onto an unknown planet?"

The boy assassin started looking a bit worried. Good. At least there was SOMEONE in this Bhaal-forsaken place that rightly feared her prowess.
But really, what IS she going to do with him? Marry him to make sure he won't do something so foolish again? Actually...that wasn't a half-bad idea really...But would Crimson be upset if she got married to someone who tried to kill her and those underneath her command?

"So what are you going to do to me?" Kkuet asked, appearing calm and slightly bored again.

Flashing him a mischievous grin, all Varya said was "This!" before diving and kissing him soundly on both his cheeks. She could feel him blushing underneath her lips! Oh, how utterly adorable. Kkuet was a keeper for sure!

But what about her admittedly rather odd relationship with Crimson? Decisions, decisions...

~~~~~

"Where is she?! WHERE IS MY DAUGHTER?!" was all that raced around and 'round Ksenia's mind as she dug frantically in the rubble, looking for and rescuing any of the survivors "I haven't found her yet! I haven't atoned for my wrongs against her yet! SHE CANNOT HAVE DIED!!!" Her thoughts continued loudly and urgently as Ksenia lifted a blackened sheet of metal and found only a Nefer who had passed on from the pain of this galaxy.

What would she tell her daughter's lesser siblings if she did not find her alive? She wanted grandchildren to spoil, drat it all!!! 
Her daughter MUST be alive somewhere. She...just HAD to be...somewhere alive and well and breathing. 
Ksenia swallowed down a sob that had started rising up her throat and continued fanatically searching in the flaming wreckage of the Outsider.

(Well, what do you guy think? Was it worth the wait?)

Post #248:  Willow Skyrider posted at Tuesday, February 4th, 2014, 01:26 AM:
(What...the...helioxiropitorius was that?!)

Post #249:  Varyafírimar posted at Tuesday, February 4th, 2014, 02:16 AM:
(What the what was what?)

Post #250:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, February 4th, 2014, 03:58 PM:
(I feel that I want Lurid to mess with Ksenia, for some reason...
Lurid thinks, "Such a ripe situation for mischief... Oh, who to torture?"
But I can't choose! And I can't decide when I really wanna bring him in! Not too soon... but I don't want to drag it out...
The agony!)

Post #251:  King Pellinore posted at Tuesday, February 4th, 2014, 08:39 PM:
"Where are we?" asked Pellinore to Hogan.  The Beast merely shrugged his shoulders.  

(Seriously, where are we?).

Post #252:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, February 4th, 2014, 09:22 PM:
((Read the posts on these three pages, it should help 
https://amblesideonline.org/forum/showth...88&page=18
https://amblesideonline.org/forum/showth...88&page=19
https://amblesideonline.org/forum/showth...88&page=20

 Also, they've been thrown from their home galaxy.))

Post #253:  King Pellinore posted at Tuesday, February 4th, 2014, 09:24 PM:
Thanks.  

Post #254:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, February 4th, 2014, 09:26 PM:
(No worries!  ^^)

Post #255:  King Pellinore posted at Tuesday, February 4th, 2014, 09:27 PM:
I need to stop blundering about the ship with Hogan and interact with some people...

Post #256:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, February 4th, 2014, 09:46 PM:
((Whelp, are ye up to date with everyone else's posts? Also, your character needs a rank, that could help! You should post some character sheets for Hogan and your other character (making them as original as possible--we're trying to avoid touching other people's realms). That might help a bit. Otherwise I can't say much until there is more to work with from other peoples' characters and perspectives. ))

Post #257:  King Pellinore posted at Wednesday, February 5th, 2014, 09:13 PM:
Pellinore's a Captain, and Hogan's a Colonel.  That was decided quite a time ago.

Post #258:  Imogen posted at Thursday, February 6th, 2014, 03:46 PM:
(The ranking system we use here is a lot different from any other. Shall we carry this to the Outsider-discussion thread? I can explain things better there! ^^ I like the way you're starting out--you should have seen my first rp posts... From what I remember it amounted to: "hey hey is this thing working?" Grammatical errors and all! =.=')

Post #259:  Willow Skyrider posted at Saturday, February 15th, 2014, 10:27 PM:
Little over two weeks had passed since Ytotia stared into the sky, two weeks since Commander Gonzalez’s vessel; the Outsider met its demise at the hand of Mother Nature’s wrath and fury. Two weeks since the Battle of Finroir’s Quadrant was decided in a disastrous victory for the Rebellion of Zhastas. Though they were victorious against the Empire and its hired guns, they payed for their opposition most dearly, suffering many lost ships, and even more loss of life.

It had only been a week since the crew was admitted to explore their temporary home; the planet of Etalpalli was like nothing they had seen before. The towers soared to such heights that they could hardly see the tops of them, perfect for the flight-capable Etal, their wings amazed even the most fanciful imagination of the members of the Outsider Expedition, as they had decided to call it after they came to the conclusion that, if they were even able to repair, or otherwise take to the stars again, they were further from home than they realized. The great chief of the Etal, Isosius, had been very careful in his explanation to the distraught crew. His astronomers, such as they were, all agreed that wherever “Earth” was, they had never heard their visitors mention it.

Sadly, there had been several casualties during the unfortunate events of the Outsider crashing, and tearing a rift through the Etal’s living forest. The citizens had been most understanding, and, after asking for reconciliation with the great Tree-spirit, allowed the Commander room for a burial ground, and then reassured her that she and her command were most welcome on their homeworld. Though the Etal had limited knowledge within the field of Deep-space exploration, their advancements of medicine and civilization were more than a boon to what the crew needed, and their wounds were well-tended to.

The direct crew had been severely wounded; some suffering from minor-cartilage displacement, to others with broken limbs and deep gashes across their bodies, severe blood-loss had been sustained by the pilot, first officer and lieutenant, among others. The commander had tried to call a return to seats before their entry to the storm, but the storm had been so intense that her cries were mostly unheeded as she was thrown to the ground, powerless but to watch and listen as the electrically-charged bolts of plasma thundered against the ship’s hull. John had done as well as he could have to guide the ship, but ultimately he was detached from his position and the ship entered the storm.

Guardian, the cybernetic avatar to the AI marked “Anticure”, had sustained critical injuries, and though they tried, the Etal couldn’t lift him to the medical-port of their infirmary, so they devised a wheeled-contraption and brought him inside one of the few buildings that had a “ground-level”, and from there they examined him most eagerly. The mechanics of his makeup was something they examined diligently, noting how the possibilities for medical, or even scientific advancements that he offered were too precious to pass the chance for study; his crashing through the view-dome and subsequent battering of the landscape that had laid in his path had created enough visible points of interest to satisfy their curiosity towards what was beneath the heavy armor of this titan. Though what they could offer in terms of repairing him was very limited, Link had decided it may be possible to repair him using scrap collected from the Outsider’s hull.

It had been five days since Abigail requested, humbly through Ytotia, who had taken very warmly to the crew, that Isosius make contact with one of their trading-partners who held knowledge in the field of outer-space exploration to the end of seeking materials for repairing their ship, but the next day Ytotia returned with a reply that their next set date of trade with a nearby planet as she requested was arranged for a half-month away, and the better part of another month for a reply. He also suggested that it would be better on his behalf if she were to be the one who asked instead, as well as fruitful towards the establishment of her status as the commander of her own detachment from “Earth”, instead of an inhabitant of Etalpalli, subject to himself, though he assured her that he would insert a word of good faith to the executive of whatever authority she may beseech. She had thanked Ytotia most gratefully, and had gone to check on the progress that Link had been making in his unfortunate though necessary dismantling of a section of the Outsider’s undamaged hull to the appropriate size for the repairs that Guardian required, as well as cutting pieces out of whatever large Dome-shards he could find to repair Guardian’s vision.

Three days had passed since he had completed his repairs, and naturally what metal was used in crafting a ship capable of hyperspeeds and repetitive entries of atmospheres was strong enough to even rival what the Guardian shell had been made of, so he was sure that they would last.

The next two days ago had been more of the same; Abigail was finally free of the crutches that she required for the fracture that they found in her left leg, Yukon was still nursing the sling over his right arm, and Lee had been among those to suffer blood-loss, but the Etal had fabricated means to slowly replenish the lost life. She was restricted to bed-rest for another couple of days while they oversaw her recovery. Varya suffered minor amnesia, which proved to be less-than-amusing towards Kkuet as he slowly came to the explanation that her memory had fractured in such a way that though she could remember back to a point in her past, she had forgotten most but not all, of her recent history. He met with her continuously as she tried to piece herself back together.

The Commander had been curious how some of her crew escaped serious injury, but was extremely entertained to find that the closets had almost been designed for safe-holdings in case of an event, such as plummeting to the ground at less-than-normal speeds, and established that if they got this bird- as she affectionately called it, into the air they would figure out a way to make those particular spaces more accommodating in cases of crisis.

Yesterday had been the day that Abigail wasn’t happy. The appropriate envoy had returned from their overlord’s cabinet, her having sent her request with the traders when they stopped at Etalpalli during their regular trade-route, and though they were “truly sorry” about the unfortunate string of disasters that beset them, there was nothing they could do to help. The way that the creature had phrased it made her certain that they could, but that they wouldn’t spare their materials to this, “lesser-race.” She had vented her anger against the hull-bay door and then, through clenched teeth she accepted that they would have to wait until the next possible benefactor.

And that leads to today, what would have been calculated to approximately five months after they left Earth, three months past the storm, two months after the envoy’s decline and subsequent possible supporters string of “Maybe’s” and “No’s” Until finally, one-and-a-half month after the crew were completely mended and nursed back to health, the stranded crew of the Outsider struck gold.
	They were going to fly.

---------
Comment, tell me what you think and if you'll tell me what you'd like instead or in addition to it, I will do some editing if you'd like me to.

Post #260:  AstroNut posted at Sunday, February 16th, 2014, 09:47 AM:
0.0 Darn, I thought I could get in a post before you did this. But ah, such is life. No you don't need to add anything for me, I'm just in that bunch that escaped any serious injury. 

Sent from my XT1049 using Tapatalk

Post #261:  Autumn Lee posted at Monday, February 17th, 2014, 09:04 AM:


One note: The Etal's planet is called Etalpalli.

Is the ship fixed, or... what?

Post #262:  Willow Skyrider posted at Monday, February 17th, 2014, 11:24 AM:
Ah, thanks!

No, the ship is still broken. They finally found someone who would help them repair/replace it.

Post #263:  GuitarGurl4God98 posted at Wednesday, February 26th, 2014, 03:27 AM:
Commander Gonzalez sat in her cot on the floor listening to the steady breathing and soft snores of her two roommates; Science Officer Victoria Cochran and Lieutenant Bethany Hulk. It was almost comforting to hear it. None of the girls had gotten much sleep since their arrival. Victoria had guessed it was partly because of the unfamiliar atmosphere, though above all, everyone was just anxious to get back home. It had been five months since peace, three months since chaos, two months of disappointment, and now in the past two weeks....pure stillness. This was almost more unbearable than the crash itself.

Her ship still sat in very much of a heap position, though what was left and stable was being cleaned up nicely enough. Everyone that was capable took part, even the Etal themselves had extended their helping hand. Her, Link, Delvin, and John had been there night and day - often going without sleep till they dropped - taking inventory of the damage done. With the ship's mainframe computer down, it was up to the three men and their assistants to assess the damage manually. Thankfully, Link could do that well enough on his own. 

Blinking tiredly in fading moonlight of the early morning she looked over her half-composed email home. Since they had gotten there, both her and Hector had written home telling their family of their day, their health, and their thoughts. Recently though, they all sounded the same - the most exciting being she was free of the crutches. None were actually ever delivered.

Laying down her tablet, she resigned to the fact that sleep wasn't an option that night. Then throwing on her jumpsuit over the standard white t-shirt and pants and fixing her cot in a plain but neat way, headed towards The Outsider.

As she approached the ship Delvin Ray looked up and saluted her with a tired smile. "Sleep well?"

"Best I could, thank you. Who's all still here?"

"Most of the night crew headed back to base about an hour ago, but Link is still working on Deck 2 with Tray, and John is looking over some blueprints by the helm."

"And you? Are you finally going to get some sleep?"

"No. No, I'm going to go get the day shift out of bed and over here hopefully by daybreak."

Abigail nodded, "Very good. Thank Mister Ray."

Delvin dismissed himself and she headed towards the helm to see her lanky friend bent over the various prints, his face drooping from lack of sleep. "Good morning, Mister Turner."

**********************************************************************************************************

"Seriously, man?"

Hector tried to focus on the voice that was talking to him, but sleep was just too sweet and precious to let go of, "One more minute, Ma. I don't wanna wake up yet." 

"I ain't your Ma, Gonzalez. Now wake up!" 

Opening one eye, he made out the blurry figure one of his roommates - Rob Jeckel; a Chicago native.

"What's your problem, Rob?" He moaned, his voice a whole octave deeper than normal.

"You're snorin' again! I haven't slept all night! Now turn over before that sister of yours makes us get up and work!"

"Fine, fine. Quit crying about it, I'm turning."

"Actually, you're waking up," A voice that definitely wasn't Rob's said.

Hector jerked his head up quickly and found his other roommate - and boss - Delvin Ray standing in the doorway.

"Mornin'!" Hector greeted cheerfully.

"You gotta be kidding me right now," Rob whined indignantly. Then from the cot glared at Hector.

Hector shrugged and grinned mischievously, jumping off the top bunk. "C'mon, Rob. Let's go see what that sister of mine wants."

Changing into his jumpsuit, he quickly made his way down to the makeshift Mess Hall. Pulling out his identity card, he got in line with all the other crewmen waiting to be served breakfast. Lee served him whatever breakfast her and Kit had managed to put together for everyone and ran to sit next to Officer Orbas, Officer Tarran, and Lieutenant Hulk. Then ran down from "base" into the Etal's marketplace on the way to the ship. 

Hector was fascinated with the Etal, and he loved watching them busily flying overhead. He had befriended quite a few as well! Though, deep down he missed his home. He missed his family. He had Abby, sure. But she was always so busy with everything else. Still, they found time to spend together, even if only for a meal.

His thoughts flew back home. How were his other sisters? His parents? Were they worried? Did they think they were dead? Would they get back? Of course they would, Abby promised him she would make it happen. But just when would it happen?

"Hectoo!"

He turned his quickly just as Ytotia flew up next to him, wide smiled and ranting.

"Yoo geht Commad-her! Tradhers come! They bring yoo parts for sheep! Shipe! Hoo-ree!"

Post #264:  Titus2teen posted at Thursday, February 27th, 2014, 11:16 PM:
(Sorry it took so long! If anyone wants me to change it to fit the story better, lemme know!)

"Solitary Confinement. Psshh, yeah right."

For the past two weeks Kkeut had been confined inside a forcefield generating structure which strangely resembled a translucent blue box. Not that he cared much, he was absolutely fine with it. He even had his Datapad tucked away in what was left of his jacket for when no one was looking.

The only possible reason that Kkeut could think of to escape however, was that it was that first officer Varya-or-something. Why she had to be the one(most of the time) who brought him meals and checked on him.  The Etal guards were fine enough, and the box wasn't too confining, Kkeut had been in worse. He just couldn't over Varya serving him though, it annoyed him, which is probably why she was chosen. She reeked of Arcane, and Arcane gave Kkeut the creeps.

This morning though, Kkeut wasn't listening for her steps in order to feign sleep, nor was he scanning for her. In fact he wasn't paying the slightest attention to the world outside his box. Instead, the Datapad held his attention, as he looked over new calculations and scans that he took of himself before getting on the ship. Kkeut's lips parted ever so slightly, knowing that if this were true, that meant he might be-

"You're awake this morning I see, cutie." 

Kkeut sat bolt upright, eyes wide with horror at hearing the voice. Her voice. "Drat." 

"That's no way to greet someone who's bring you your food." Varya said, entering one side of the box, the barrier flickering back into place behind her. She set down the plate in front of him. "Eat up."

Kkeut looked up at her. "Are you seriously going to watch me eat?"

Varya nodded her head in the affirmative with a grin plastered across her face.

"S'creepy you know..." Kkeut set his datapad down next to him, taking a heaping bite.

"What were looking at? Battle scans? Government secrets?" She asked, raising an eyebrow.

"None of your business." Kkeut said between bites.

"You're not supposed to have that in solitary confinement, Kkeut." Varya seemed to be mocking to Kkeut.

Kkeut stopped eating, looking up at her questioningly. "Are you gonna try an' take it from me?"

Varya pondered the question for a moment, then smiled at him. "Nope!"

Kkeut stood up, having wolfed down his rations, placed his hands on his hips. "Why are you doing this to me? why can't you just let me die by court marshall?" Which was nicer than what he wanted to say, Are you always so crazy?

Varya took a step closer, and Kkeut took a step back, wanting to keep the distance between them. "You really wanna know?"

Kkeut gave a defiant look. "Yeah, what's with you? I want to know before this goes any further."

Varya gave a mischievous grin. "Alright..."

(Go get 'em Varya!)

Post #265:  Imogen posted at Friday, February 28th, 2014, 08:57 PM:
"Good morning, Mister Turner."

John jumped and yelped, his fingers crackling slightly with electricity.

"Cap'n!"

He blinked wearily up at her, a pair of heavy, dark circles standing out in his deathly pale face. He smiled wanly at her, his eyes flickering to her non-crutched legs. "Good to see you back on top, Commander!" He said with a smile, his Northumberland accent slurring his voice slightly with his exhaustion.

She clapped him on the shoulder, the corners of her lips twitching. "Good to see you on your feet, Mister Turner."

John winced slightly; he had spent the first month or so in hospital, fighting for each breath. Already of a weak constitution, the trauma of the crash had hit him especially hard--the broken bones healed quickly, but the head trauma, loss of blood, and electricity overdose was a longer healing process. And although he had mostly healed, the etals told him that his broken arm (a severe, near-compound fracture) would always be a little weak, and so would his ribs. He had also found that any hard strike to his skull would result in degenerating migraines for hours afterward.

The Commander turned and nodded at the blueprint which he had been studying. "How is it coming?"

He straightened up, running a spidery hand through his electrified hair.
"I think this should work." He pointed to a close-up of the ship's bridge. "The new view-dome will encompass the bridge, giving a near-full view to everyone inside. In strange space, we can't just rely on sensors. A latticework of titanium-alloy supports will enhance it's strength: if faster than warp speed were possible, this would hold. It'll also stand more sturdily against oncoming attack."

He pointed to a lower section of the complicated diagram. Link has also proposed an enhancement of the observation deck--further scanning range, multiple consoles... Once we get this bird in the air, she won't be caught unawares... Hopefully." He frowned and sighed, rubbing his long-fingered hands across his sallow face.

"If only she were of a Zeranorian make...." He said whistfully. "She'd rebuild herself."

The commander raised an eyebrow dubiously, and John hastened to explain.

"Our ships are based on reverse entropy: they gather energy back to themselves, rebuild when broken, etc... All breaking the Second Law of Thermodynamics. Problem is though, they're tiny--some no bigger than a shuttlecraft, and they're not good in battle." He shrugged and grinned.

Commander Abigail put her hands on her hips, and seemed about to say something, when a voice rang across the shattered bridge.

"Commander!" Link ran into view. John stared at him, momentarily wondering how he managed to stay so energetic all the time.

Post #266:  AstroNut posted at Monday, March 3rd, 2014, 11:38 PM:
The sunlight danced over the gleaming bodies of Etapalli's towers. High in the air the graceful Etals flew from one tower to the next, busy with the preparations for a new day. From the ground floor doorway of a tower on the outskirts of the city, the scene looked ethereal, perhaps majestic. 

Victoria smiled quietly and ducked back to the bowl of oatmeal in her lap. Sitting next to her in the doorway of their quarters - finally in uniform -   Lieutenant Hulk was eating from her own bowl of the standard issue rations. The girls were taking their time with breakfast; it was hard not relax and simply drink in the beauty on this world, even in their present circumstances. 

Victoria had not needed long to fully recover from whatever injuries she sustained, and had been assisting with the repairs on the ship as much as she could. At first she felt like a fifth wheel - what was a science officer with little experience supposed to do in a crisis like this? However haltingly though, she found ways to contribute. The engineers let her carry equipment, test repaired instruments, and even (After adding to her rudimentary knowledge of engineering) let her assist in the repairs themselves. Her real skills were finally coming into play though, as the scientific systems on board were being remade and analysis of how to get back home was underway. Link estimated that as soon as they got essential parts, they'd be ready for flight in about three weeks.

The girls had just finished breakfast and were heading to the tower where Outsider was "docked" to start another day of work when Bethany's communicator earpiece  beeped. Bethany pressed her hand against it, and Victoria could hear the commanding tone of First Officer Varya alerting senior crew members of something. Bethany looked up, quite cheerful. 

"The trader ship is in Cochran!! First Officer says we're to stop over at the center so Commander can tell us where we're going from here". She veered away from the trodden path that led to the repair site, toward another tower which served as the crew's center of operations. 

Victoria jogged to their destination with lifted spirits. Today was mid-July in San Fransisco. With any luck, she might be back in time for Christmas.

Post #267:  finnishfinn posted at Tuesday, March 4th, 2014, 07:47 PM:
"Chief Engineer Delvin Ray personal log. Day 60 on temporary home planet of Etalealli. Temperatures on current home planet are at a low of 40 degrees Celsius. Drinking water at ok. Food is still fruit from the local market. Repairs still moving slowly. End Log."
Delvin looked at his watch it, his watch looked at him and said, "Watch ya staring at?" Delvin looked up after logging the time and walked into the first barracks and waited till the two in there had his attention. He waited and listened to a bit of what they were talking about, he heard one of them say "Fine, fine. Quit crying about it, I'm turning."
"Actually, you're waking up," Delvin replied, "Up and Adam, your on the day shift so get dressed and get to work!"
Delvin turned and walked out of the barracks and headed to the mess hall for a bit of breakfast and coffee.
A few minutes later after taking the last sip of his coffee and went to the Sign In table and logged himself for the day. 
His next stop was the hull and repairs section, he pulled out his note pad and started counting the repair staff. Writing on the pad saying "Day 60 all present."
And last he headed to the engine room to begin his long day of work repairing the engine.

Post #268:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, March 5th, 2014, 09:25 PM:
Callawyn took me in and cared for me as though I was her brother. She didn't care that I was different, not at all.

She was my only companion, but she was all I needed. I thrived on her gentle care. We spent every minute together. She knew a lot, though she was barely older than I, and taught me much about life.

**************************************

As soon as Ytotia heard the news of the traders, she had fairly rocketed over to the tower the Outsider crew was staying. Hector was the first person she saw. "Hectoo! Yoo geht Commad-her! Tradhers come! They bring yoo parts for sheep! Shipe! Hoo-ree!" The Etal was fairly dancing in the air.

Over the last few months, Ytotia had made it a point to get to know absolutely every member of the Outsider crew. All of them had been fairly depressed about their situation (well, if Link was, he didn't show it), and Ytotia had tried hard to cheer them up however she could. This news was sure to bring everybody's spirits to new heights.

Ytotia pulled at Hector's sleeve, eager to tell the others. "Come! Come! We tell evvy-one!"

-----------------------------------------------------------

"Commander!" Link called, jogging over to where the Commander and John were. The Zeranorian looked fairly exhausted. Link turned his attention to him. "Hey, you should rest, dude. I don't think the blueprints will make a nice pillow."

John looked tiredly at him. "What about you? You've been up as long as me."
Link tapped his head. "Fun cyborg fact: I can reprogram my body to fit my needs. Right now, my body is on no-sleep mode. Course, I can't keep it up forever." He shrugged.

He turned back to Commander. "I wanted to inform you that Deck 2 is as repaired as can be right now. Got all the debris cleaned up, loose wires fixed, even got some of the lights working." Link grinned widely. "Soon as we get supplies, we can really get it done! Never fear, dear Commander," he added in a dramatic voice. "The Outsider is far from doomed! We will get her flying again!" He slapped John on the shoulder, a big smile on his face.

"Commad-her! Commad-her!" a voice called. The three turned to see Ytotia fairly dragging Hector along. Her face was flushed, her eyes bright.
"What is it, Ytotia?" Commander asked.
The Etal jumped up and down. "Hectoo can tell yoo! I let heem say beeg news!" It looked like it was hard for her to not tell, though.
Link, John and Commander looked at Hector expectantly.

-----------------------------------------------------------

"Perhaps we should sit with our crewmate," Yukan suggested to Sensa, who flashed him a look. "I already have to bunk with her. If she wants space, I'll give her space."
Yukan sighed. "Even though our weapons duties aren't needed right now, we will have to work with her eventually. We ought to get to know her." Sensa chewed her food glumly.

Frankly, Sensa was having a hard time not pulling her hair out, or maybe blasting the other girls with fire. Bunking with Gen and Varya was testing her patience. Varya's extrovertism was taken as bossiness, Gen's mood swings were taken as extreme touchiness, and Sensa's introvertism was taken as snubbing her nose at the others... The Lume-Guerran would rather fight an entire army than spend a day cooped up with them.

She gave a huff and stood up. "Fine, but it's your fault if she zaps me."
Sensa apeared calm and collected on the outside, as she always did. But inside she was slightly panicking. What am I supposed to say?! 'Say, your hair looks exceptionally spiky today.' That'd get me a shock for sure... When Sensa got to Gen, she decided to settle for a simple, "Good morning, Gen."

------------------------------------------------------------

"Morning!" Lee greeted everyone cheerfully as she handed out the simple oatmeal and berries breakfast to the crew. The berries weren't the familiar kinds found on Earth, but they weren't bad. It was just a little surprising to bite into a strawberry-looking fruit and finding it tasted like a blueberry.

Thanks to the Etals' help, Lee's injuries were a thing of the past. Yes, she had had to have parts of her hair cut for access to the gash on her head, and it had left a scar, but she was alive and well, and that was all that mattered.

She wasn't even particularly concerned about the fact that she was stuck on an alien planet, far from Earth. The Etals were very kind, and the planet of Etalpalli was very pretty. Besides, Lee didn't have anything waiting for her on Earth; the Outsider was her new home, the crew her new family.

"Good morning, Ckkela!" Lee said with a smile to the medic. She had gotten over the odd appearance of the K-Nire. Actually, she was kind of cute, and very sweet. Well, most dogs were, now, weren't they?

Post #269:  Varyafírimar posted at Monday, March 24th, 2014, 07:48 PM:
Varya took a step closer, and Kkeut took a step back, wanting to keep the distance between them. "You really wanna know?"

Kkeut gave a defiant look. "Yeah, what's with you? I want to know before this goes any further."

Varya gave a mischievous grin before replying "Alright..." It faded as she cocked her head and gazed at the raven-haired boy. "You remind me...of myself. When I was young..er and thrown into a world that couldn't care less that the very ones who created you now want to destroy you. When your only friend and confidante is 'Me, myself and I' and you know that no one else can be trusted, let alone loved." She trailed off as she stared hard into Kkuet's prismatic-like blue eyes, seeing if her intuition was right once again and then finishing off with "And I will not allow what happened to me to happen to another."

Kkuet looked surprised at her serious and rather philosophical answer and then wary. Was he...worried? That this odd, fey-like girl, had managed to pierce his shields? "I...whhaaaat? No...No, that's ridiculous!" He turned his head away and proceeded to try and bore a hole in the wall with his eyes. He did not succeed.

Varya's eyes suddenly harden and she swept towards the lift to leave, fingers twitching towards her concealed daggers.

Kkuet quickly whipped his head towards her "...Varya...?" He whispered, eyes widening as he felt the air crackle with power.
She paused to look back at him and to his shock he saw her eyes glowing an unearthly silver-white.

"I knew I should have been more vorried vhen I heard that the ships' psychiatrist-slash-psychologist had a breakdown after the Outsider crashed!" She hissed in an accented voice as her daggers springed into her awaiting hands.

Kkuet eyed her nervously "Um...okaaay...?" The elevator arrived and she departed from the prisoner with the only hint to her sudden show of psionics being her growled good-bye of "Mother."

What in the galaxy had just happened?! He wondered in bleakness as the lift dinged itself to another level, carrying with it a ticked-off First Officer whose residue powers was still making the electricity flicker and spark.

(Voila! What do ya' think?)

Post #270:  GuitarGurl4God98 posted at Thursday, March 27th, 2014, 08:17 PM:
Even though Hector was just excited as Ytotia, he struggled to keep up with the Etal that hovered above him, pulling him along. They raced down the busy marketplace, Ytotia guiding him through the crowd - zigzagging this way and that way - down the stone pathway, then over the big hill to the valley where The Outsider had crashed. He saw a few of the crew had already arrived early - most likely having heard the news themselves. He was starting lose breath, and his speed had slowed substantially, but as soon as he came close enough to recognize the silhouette of his sister, he couldn't contain himself. He jumped up and down, waving his hands like a madman as he and Ytotia called loudly for her attention.

"Abby! Abby! They're here! Abby," he called. His pulse rushed, his face was flushed, but his smile was from ear to ear.

Confused, the Commander turned around just in time to be practically bulldozed by their new-found friend, Hector running to catch up with her.

"What is it, Ytotia? What's the matter?" she asked.

"Hectoo can tell yoo! I let heem say beeg news!" Ytotia clamped her hand over her mouth giddily.

Before she could turn to ask what had happened, she felt herself being lifted up off the ground in a tight hug from her right side and being spun around, causing her to yelp in surprise.

"Hector!" she cried indignantly. "Put me down this instant! Hector! Now, Ensign, that is an order!"

Hector set the Commander back on her feet, laughing heartily. Abigail on the other hand straightened her jumpsuit and hair, glaring at her brother.

"You had better have an amazing explanation for that..." she growled as she stalked towards him.

Everyone around couldn't hold back at least a stifled chuckle and smirk. Link howled with laughter, and even John -as tired as he was- laughed with sparkling eyes. Hector was laughing so hard that he had doubled over, but his excitement managed to get him to reach for her shoulder and look her in they eye. 

"They're here!" he said, trying to catch his breath. "The traders have come! And they brought parts for the ship! We can go home, Abby! We can go home!"

Abby's eyes widened trying to comprehend the news. 'We can go home!' Faintly she could hear whooping and cheers in the backround, but it was quiet compared to what was playing in her head. They could go home. Or at least, they could get off the planet and make a new start. Her smile quickly grew to match that of her brother's, and her eyes sparkled for the first time in a long time. She got so excited that this time she took her turn to pick up her brother and catch him off guard. Even Ytotia came to join, squeezing both of them tightly.

Then, tugging the Commander's sleeve, hurried them along. "Yoo come! Tradhers is waiting! Hoo-ree!


Abigail raced back up the hill towards the tall majestic buildings. 'We can go home!' Her smile - if it was possible - grew even bigger, and she ran even faster. She had waited for this for a long time.

Post #271:  Imogen posted at Thursday, March 27th, 2014, 10:22 PM:
John blinked at Link blearily. The Mechanic's eyes flitted to the Zeranorian, and his eyebrows rose. "Hey, you should rest, dude. I don't think the blueprints will make a nice pillow."

"What about you?" John yawned. "You've been up as long as me." His mind reeled just thinking of how long Link had gone without sleep so far.
Link tapped his head. "Fun cyborg fact: I can reprogram my body to fit my needs. Right now, my body is on no-sleep mode. Course, I can't keep it up forever."

"Wish I could do that... or at least find a power source large enough to "plug" myself in!" John smiled wryly, listening as Link continued talking to the Commander. "I wanted to inform you that Deck 2 is as repaired as can be right now. Got all the debris cleaned up, loose wires fixed, even got some of the lights working. Soon as we get supplies, we can really get it done! Never fear, dear Commander," he added in a dramatic voice. "The Outsider is far from doomed! We will get her flying again!" He slapped John on the shoulder, a big smile on his face. John's whole body lurched forward at the motion, and he righted himself, grinning slightly. He was just about to reply in kind, when a voice broke through his thoughts.

"Commad-her! Commad-her!" He turned and saw Ytotia, the Etal who had saved him on the day of the crash, dragging Commander Abby's little brother, Ensign Hector, along behind her.

"What is it, Ytotia?" Abby asked quickly.

"Hectoo can tell yoo! I let heem say beeg news!" She laughed happily and danced in place (in the air, which was quite a feat by John's standards).

All of them looked expectantly for Hector, who quickly emerged and grasped Abby in a big bear hug. John laughed, his eyes dancing with excitement even though he had no idea what was coming. From the telepathic, empathic feelings coming off of the two, it had to be pretty near miraculous.

"They're here!" Hector almost yelped, he was laughing so hard, although not with mirth, it was obvious, but with joy. "The traders have come! And they brought parts for the ship! We can go home, Abby! We can go home!"

John's eyes flew wide. Those words rang in his ears and around his head. Home. Home. Home. We're going home. An image of his planet flashed before his eyes, shining in the binary suns, and he felt a yell of sheer joy and relief building in his throat. He leaped to his feet and whirled around, grabbing Link and (once Commander Abby had released him from a bear hug of her own) Hector on the shoulders and almost dancing across the half finished deck. "HOME! HOME! WE'RE GOING HOME!" He yelled.

"Yoo come! Tradhers is waiting! Hoo-ree!" He heard Ytotia call, and turned. He saw Abby grin back at them once before hurrying off after the Etal, towards the city's docking port.

He stared after them in mute happiness, for a moment all exhaustion and pain forgotten.

"Hey man, lets head back to the mess hall--spread the good news!" Link cried, punching John's shoulder somewhat lightly.

"Sounds like a plan!" John grinned, turning around to face the illogically energetic Mechanic. "And then--"

"--its time to hit the hay!" Link finished with a chuckle, starting down the stairs towards the hatch. John laughed and stumbled, exhausted, after his friend.
_____________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________

"Good morning, Gen."

A pale and spidery hand reached up and grasped Sensa's collar, dragging her down into the seat opposite.

"Look at this!" Gen intoned angrily, jabbing a long finger at a data-pad that was resting on her plate, between (what looked something like) her bacon and her eggs. Already beginning to feel that this was a bad idea, Sensa leaned over and glanced at the screen.

"What am I supposed to be looking at?" She snapped. The words were oddly arranged and looked as if a sentence had been put in a blender and then poured out onto the screen:

"HRisg shdjsakn jdhowal sohorwasheemoghjteshojr, fendistamal shkdok sssslllleeewwwdhsjfhdjjjjjhj. Hjjosst jek hjot smastsaltfdk ddhfkp csheeshohg."

Gen looked at her as if she were crazy for a moment, then glanced back at the screen. "Oh. Yeah sorry." She pressed a button and it translated the blender words into a fathomable language.
Picking up the pad, she waved it in the air as if it were a fan. "This," she said, smacking it roughly on the table. "is a list of communications between the Zeranorian Council-Parliment, and the leaders of the human Republic. They knew something that we didn't, and no one knows about it, not even the Commander! I don't even know whats going on, but I know that they know that they knew that the crew of the small ship that got sucked in in the first place knew that the council and the Republic knew that they would get sucked in in the first place." She crossed her arms.
Sensa stared.
"What--" She started, when all of a sudden the doors to the mess hall burst wide open. She and Gen started up from their seats, Gen's hands raised and a glow of electricity flashing in her palms.

The room fell silent. Link and John stood in the doorway, doubled over and gasping for breath. The latter raised his head, but choaked on his words and just ended up coughing and gasping more. Link chuckled breathlessly and raised his head.

"The supplies have come for the ship! We're getting out of here! We're going home!"
_____________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________

"Good morning, Ckkela!"

The K-Nire glanced up, a happy and welcoming look on her face and in her eyes. "Hello, Lee!" She patted the seat nearby with a furry paw. "Come sit down, this place is filling up fast!"
"How are things coming in the kitchen?" Ckkela asked, nibbling the meat on her plate with obvious relish. "It all tastes really good!"
"Its going pretty well," Lee replied. "busy."
"Ckkela nodded and waved her tail, pricking her ears a bit. "How is Link doing in fixing up the ship?" She asked quickly, her ears and cheeks flushing slightly beneath her fur. "There hasn't been a huge amount to do for me recently... just taking care of the ship's Psychologist...."

She broke off as the doors slammed open and the two bridge officers burst in.

"The supplies have come for the ship! We're getting out of here! We're going home!" Link cried.

Ckkela leaped to her feet, her tail curling up, eyes wide and ears quivering. She glanced at Lee and a wide smile broke across her muzzle.

Hold on Momma, Poppa, little brother... We're coming home!
_____________________________________________________________ ______________________________________________________________________

Gen went sliding down the long corridor, and bounding with long strides towards the basement of the Etal's tower. Coming to a large steel door, she stopped, and, turning the handle, braced herself against it's weight and yanked it open.

"Morning, sunshine!" She called, lurching into the room and closing the door behind her. It was a rather large place, with wooden walls and a concrete floor. It slightly resembled a toolshed, with tools and supplies and sheet metal lining the walls. In the middle rested a table, and on that table lay Guardian. The lights in his eyes gleamed forth and slowly spread as he arose from dormancy. Gen trotted over to the table and dumped the tools she was carrying, next to him.

"Guess what?" She asked, a gleeful gleam in her eyes. "Bet'cha'll never guess!"

Post #272:  Willow Skyrider posted at Thursday, March 27th, 2014, 11:14 PM:
Guardian sat up, he was completely repaired, by whatever standards Etalpalli could justify a mechanical-being as, "repaired."

"As a matter of fact, it would take me less then three minutes to consider each option of what you might say considering our present situation at a thousand-options per second, but I surmise it's in our best combined interests of time for you to simply tell me, considering there aren't many options which would lead you rushing in here all agog." Link's tinkering in his lingual centre was paying off, sure he still sounded like a computer, but at least he got rid of that irritating wall of terminology that denied his picking up an actual case of grammar. Maybe he would even develop an accent... What would it sound like? She shook her head.

"We're going home, Guardian! The Etal found traders with enough equipment to get us back into the stars."
"That's good news indeed. What do you propose to do with those tools?" He flexed his fingers and reached, lifting up a peculiar looking one, but his sensors couldn't recognize it. "Are these from the Etalli?"
She nodded. "Specially made for the finishing touches."
"Finishing touc-?"
His lights went out and he fell backwards with a thud.
"Sorry pal." Blue electricity flickered around her fingertips.
 _________________________________________________________

Approximately about forty minutes of tinkering later, with lots of sounds that would normally belong in a chop-shop filling the majority of that time, Gen ran from the Tool shed screaming joyously.

"He lives! My creation llliiivveeesss!!" Abby couldn't hear her muffled cries from outside and across the lawn, it was more the curious looks several of the Etalli were giving as they stared out the window. With a quick glance herself through the window, she shook her head at the Zeranorian being chased by the robot. Oh, FrankenGen... She turned back to her present business.
 _________________________________________________________

"Come on, Guardian! You know I was only helping!" She laughed again, glancing back at him with a huge grin.
"You were tampering about my circuity without consent!"
"And look at how fast you're running!"

The six-foot-half giant scooped her into his armored arms as he overtook her and finished the jaunt from the tool-shed to the building where the crew was meeting with two finishing steps. Gen looked up at his robotic face, his pair of eyes admiring the building's unusual architecture.

"And besides," She started, "We're already here so we might as well go listen to what the Commander has to say, right? Now mush!"
"I apologize, was that 'Mush' or 'Smush'? My audio components are not communicating efficiently."

Was that sarcasm? The tin-can knew sarcasm?! Link is a miracle worker... I wonder if he even knows it?
She smirked. "Mush."
The robotic legs hissed as they degraded from a running posture to the simpler momentum of walking and he entered the building, eventually finding the proper room in the middle of Abby's briefing the crew about their position, after of course, she herself had been informed about their position.

Post #273:  Autumn Lee posted at Saturday, March 29th, 2014, 05:06 PM:
"What are the stars, Callawyn?"

She pointed with her long, pale, graceful fingers. "They are the homes of other people, other forms of life."

"Every one of them?"

She nodded. "Every one of them."

I stared at the twinkling lights. "Do you think... someone out there... could accept me?"

She turned to speak, but a voice carried over her through the night to me:

"No one will ever accept you."

"Never."

**************************************

Ytotia had barely finished speaking when Hector lifted up the Commander off the ground in a tight hug and spun her around, causing her to yelp in surprise.

"Hector!" she cried indignantly. "Put me down this instant! Hector! Now, Ensign, that is an order!"
Hector set the Commander back on her feet, laughing heartily. Abigail glared at her brother.
"You had better have an amazing explanation for that..." she growled.

Link laughed loudly, the Commander's indignant and surprised face fresh in his mind. Even John managed a few chuckles.

"They're here!" Hector finally said. "The traders have come! And they brought parts for the ship! We can go home, Abby! We can go home!"

There was perhaps a second when the words sunk in, and then everyone was crying out excitedly. Regardless of rank or condition, everyone was hugging each other. Even Ytotia came to join.

Then, tugging the Commander's sleeve, the Etal hurried the Commander along. "Yoo come! Tradhers is waiting! Hoo-ree!"
As the Etal flew alongside the Commander, she smiled. Their happiness had been beyond even what she had thought it would be. Is it because they are 'homesick'? I've seen the crew sometimes look so sad, as if their best friend has passed on. Even when they are happy, there is a lingering sadness behind their eyes. Ytotia was very happy to see the sadness replaced by joy.
"Tradhers at shee-- shipe station!" she informed the Commander. That was where all foreigners went to upon arriving on Etalpalli.

"Hayr! Yes berel Commad-her!" Ytotia called out to her father, who was waiting with the traders. He bowed his head respectfully to her, then made a sweeping gesture with his arm towards the traders. "Commander Abigail, I trust the aid of these traders will be of help to you and your crew?"

---------------------------------------------------------

Yes, definitely a bad idea.
Gen was roughly pulled into the seat across from Gen and promptly shown gibberish on the Zeranorian's data pad. "What am I supposed to be looking at?" she said, trying not to snap.

The screen showed: HRisg shdjsakn jdhowal sohorwasheemoghjteshojr, fendistamal shkdok sssslllleeewwwdhsjfhdjjjjjhj. Hjjosst jek hjot smastsaltfdk ddhfkp csheeshohg. Sensa raised an eyebrow.
Gen looked at her as if she were crazy for a moment, then glanced back at the screen. "Oh. Yeah sorry." She pressed a button and it translated the blender words into a fathomable language.
Picking up the pad, she waved it in the air as if it were a fan. "This," she said, smacking it roughly on the table, "is a list of communications between the Zeranorian Council-Parliament, and the leaders of the human Republic. They knew something that we didn't, and no one knows about it, not even the Commander! I don't even know what's going on, but I know that they know that they knew that the crew of the small ship that got sucked in in the first place knew that the council and the Republic knew that they would get sucked in in the first place." She crossed her arms.
Sensa stared. Was that supposed to make any more sense than the gibberish on the data pad? "What--"

She was interrupted by the doors of the mess hall bursting violently open. Both Sensa and Gen jumped out of their seats, Sensa's hand on her sword, Gen's hands crackling with electricity.
The other Zeranorian, John, and the mechanic, Link, stood panting in the doorway. John tried to speak, but ended up coughing, so Link took over the announcement. "The supplies have come for the ship! We're getting out of here! We're going home!"

Sensa relaxed. Nothing was wrong. Why she kept expecting news of something bad here on the peaceful planet of Etalpalli... Well, old habits die hard. But new habits can always form; a smile almost grabbed her at the crew's exuberant cries.
The Lume-Guerran really had no big feelings about the ship being fixed. Her home had been destroyed, and even if it hadn't, she would never return there. She pondered this as Gen slipped away and the crew continued rejoicing. In all the wide galaxy, is there a home for me?

---------------------------------------------------------

Why Lee was ever scared of Ckkela, she'd never know. The K-Nire cheerfully invited her to eat breakfast together, and the two chatted a little.
Ckkela waved her tail, pricking her ears a bit. "How is Link doing in fixing up the ship?" she asked quickly. "There hasn't been a huge amount to do for me recently... just taking care of the ship's Psychologist...."
Lee looked curiously at Ckkela. Had she detected a different tone to her voice when she spoke of Link? She didn't have time to think on it, because John and Link burst in and told the good news.

Ckkela leaped to her feet, her tail curling up, eyes wide and ears quivering. She glanced at Lee and a wide smile broke across her muzzle.
Lee was smiling, too. Home... It's getting closer!
Of course, little did the crew know that home was not as close as they thought...

Link dragged himself over to the two girls. "Mornin'..." he yawned. "Mind if I take a nap? Computer's informing me I need sleep... Like a nagging mother! Can't get away from them..." With that, he sat down on the nearest seat and fell asleep.

Lee shook her head, smiling. "You sat in my seat, silly!" She mock-sighed. "Guess I'll sit on your other side, Ckkela. That is, if we can settle down enough to eat!" Many other people had forgotten their breakfasts. Lee sat down again, but barely spared a glance for her food. Thoughts of Earth, home sweet home, filled her head.
She looked at Ckkela. "What is your home like, Ckkela?"

Post #274:  Titus2teen posted at Thursday, April 10th, 2014, 07:54 PM:
Kkeut stayed frozen with a surprised look until he could no longer hear the lift taking Varya up, and out of earshot, at which point he burst out laughing.

"What's with her? Loopy much?" He swung his hand around in a circle by his head. "Great personality changes. Aish." Kkeut collapsed onto his cot, hands behind is head in a relaxed position thinking, "What kind'eve crew did I just crash?"

Hmph. 'Me Myself and I'. he thought, chuckling. Nice speech. Might actually mean something if you were the first to tell me that. But since your not, well, it's "merely trash from the rabble, and nothing more!"

Kkeut stared at the ceiling, losing himself in thought. Syn and Sevyn had better be taking good care of my gun...

***

Syn quickly release the brake on the tram-rail, sending the previously immobile tram-car down the rails towards their pursuers, with a helpful shove from Sevyn.

"Hah! That should slow 'em down!" Sevyn had a purely gleeful grin on her face.

"Yes, can we please move on now? I'd like to not get killed today." Syn said rolling her eyes at her heavily tattooed partner, starting off further down the tunnel.

"I told you the alarm would go off, but no don't listen to me." Sevyn caught up quickly, easily matching Syn's pace. "Why go through the trouble of setting off an alarm if you don't want to fight someone, duh."

"I'm not in the mood to play right now Sevyn. Maybe if tall, dark, and dangerous were here." Syn grinned.

"You never gonna get it that he's just not into you, are you?" Sevyn smiled, before skidding to a stop when the strap on her assault rifle broke with an snap!, causing it to fall to the ground. 

"I told you it was going to fall! There's no sense in carrying a gun that big around!" Syn stopped, looking back, hands on hips.

"Shock!" Sevyn bit the ring in the side of her lower lip, turning it over in her head. "Go on and warm up Heartbreaker, I'll catch up."

"Be careful. And try not bring the place down on us." Syn took off again, the package safe in her shoulder bag.

Sevyn let out a heavy sigh. She'd have to blow it up.

Syn had the ship ready when the hangar shook. She could hear the yelling from the cargo hold of the ship, "TAKE OFF ALREADY!!"

Heartbreaker slowly lifted in the air, before Syn slammed the throttle down all the way, lurching the ship forward, and sending Sevyn who'd just entered the cockpit tumbling backwards.

"SHOCK!" Sevyn re-entered the cockpit holding her head, looking rather upset about her messed up hair.

"S'matter, I messed your emo hairdo?" Syn laughed. "I told to leave it straight instead of having those little awkward spikes all over your head."

"I don't always have spikes, sometimes it's down." Syn sat, rubbing her head. 

"Yeah but it's short and messy looking."

"Shut up Syn. I don't mess with your hair." 

"Fine, don't get your shirt in a twist..." Syn set their coordinates, and leaned back, pulling a sliver handgun out of a compartment under the controls. Sevyn took notice and stared at it, a slow grin stretching across her black lipstick, ignoring the smart remark about who was carrying around useless weapons in the back of her mind.

I wonder how Kkeut's doing...

Syn looked at a notification of job offerings, after tending to her chipped nail of course, she liked to have hers looking good, unlike Sevyn, who was currently zoned out in Death-Metal.

"No, no, definitely not, I wouldn't be caught dead there, that place will mess up my skin and make up, no, double no... Now this is interesting..." Syn looked up, a sultry smile creeping slowly across her face. "Guess which tall, dark, and handsome stranger went missing?"

Sevyn looked up at Syn blankly, not able to hear anything through her headphones which were blaring so loud that even Syn could them.

"Nevermind, I'll tell you later..."

***

Due to all the noise up above, Kkeut figured that the traders had arrived. Maybe he could get out now. He pulled out his datapad and started writing a message:

Terms for my release,
I, Kkeut, am willing to offer every person on this ship one question(excluding the commanding officers, who get two, and Guardian gets three, 'cause I like him) that I will answer wholeheartedly to the best of my ability, in exchange for being able to walk around freely under surveillance of course. I promise to be of use in rebuilding of he ship, in case of attack, and can put up additional funds for the repair of the ship.
Please consider this offer,
~Your prisoner, Kkeut

He chuckled. He'd try on every frequency within the area, and eventually someone up at the top would receive it. Maybe Guardian would get it. that'd be fun.

Kkeut sat up cross legged, trying the first frequency. This is probably going to take a while, but it'll be worth when I hear their reaction...

Post #275:  Imogen posted at Saturday, April 19th, 2014, 09:59 AM:
John regained his breath and followed Link into the bustling Mess Hall. Gathering some food from Kit, he turned and wearily trudged to the seating area. Most of the seats were taken, except for one.

"Is anyone else sitting here?"

The two Guerrans looked up at him. The one on the left, Yukan--John had been rooming with him and another crew member who grunted loudly in his sleep. Yukan smiled and shook his head.

"Have a seat!"

John set to work on his food. He couldn't remember ever feeling so hungry. As he ate, he saw out of the corner of his eye that Yukan and his friend--Sensa was her name--were engaged in an animated, whispered discussion. When he had finished, John pushed his plate away and sat back.

"I never got the name of your planet." He said. Probably not the best conversation starter... He thought, mentally berating himself. His own conversations with Gen about their own planet always ended in a fight.

He blinked at them, his head jerking up, his eyes fluttering open. Was I asleep?! He glanced up, flushing in embarrassment. Sensa was looking at him as if he had lobsters crawling out of his ears. Yukan chuckled.

"You should head back to the cabins and get some sleep before you fall over!"

John grinned sheepishly and nodded. "All right, point taken." He grabbed his plate and stood up. "See you guys later! I think the Commander is calling a briefing soon!"
Yukan nodded, and John headed to the exit. Humming an song, he walked along the hallway, brushing his spidery fingers over the wall. 

He was just passing the Med-Bay when he heard the shouting. Peering around the edge of the open door he saw Varya, and an older woman whom he recognized as the ship's psychiatric consultant. She had had a nervous breakdown after the crash and had been holed up in the med-bay ever since. He frowned. What could Varya possibly want with her?

Clearing his throat, he stepped into the room. "Excuse me, is there a problem here?"
_________________________________________________________________________________________________

Ckkela glanced up. Link had walked over.
"Mornin'..." he yawned. "Mind if I take a nap? Computer's informing me I need sleep... Like a nagging mother! Can't get away from them..." With that, he sat down on the nearest seat and fell asleep. Ckkela laughed--a laugh that slightly resembled a series of not unmelodic yips--and slicked her ears back, glancing at Lee quickly.

"You sat in my seat, silly!" Lee said. "Guess I'll sit on your other side, Ckkela. That is, if we can settle down enough to eat!"
Ckkela nodded, her tail waving happily--everyone seemed to be brimming over with excitement, leaping up and all talking at once. Ckkela herself felt overjoyed--she wanted to bark, to leap and wave her tail and yip at the top of her lungs. Don't be foolish, Ckkela! You are not a wild wolf! Yet still she felt a happy bark in her throat.

"What is your home like, Ckkela?"

Ckkela looked around, thinking for a moment.

"It's not too different from Earth--the founding Masters made our home in the next system over from their home planet. It's green and blue, and the sky shines red and orange every evening, and the two moons are large and round--some say they're that way just for the Wild Tribes. In my home Kenneltown, there is a large meat grocer and a huge library."

"A library?"

Ckkela nodded and smiled. "K-Nires love books!"
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Gen clung to Guardian's neck as he slowed to an ambling walk and entered the building.
"So, my faithful steed, where're we headed?"

"Commander Abby has summoned the officers to a meeting."

"You're not an officer!"

"I'm not a "faithful steed", either!"

Was that a hint of humor? Gen smirked and rolled her eyes. They came to the briefing room, and Guardian placed her on the ground before entering quietly. Most of the officers were there, although Gen noticed that Varya and John were missing and Link, although he was there, was snoring softly with his head on the table.

Gen frowned, looking at the chair where the Pilot should have been sitting.
He's not one to be late... John would rather cut his own finger off than shirk on duty! I wonder what's wrong...?
Her eyes darkened. But Varya's gone too... She glanced around the room again for the First Officer, but Varya would not have easily been able to hide in the crowd, and Gen failed to see or sense her. She frowned again, and turned to Guardian.

"You've noticed the absence of certain crewmen, I presume."

"As soon as we entered. I deemed it prudent, however, not to interrupt the Commander with such apparent information."

Gen blinked, lowering her voice when Sensa turned around and shot her a glare. "Do you know where they might be?"

"Negative." Guardian whispered, turning his eyes towards the Commander, who was still speaking.

Gen harrumphed and crossed her arms. She would find them later. Although, it still  struck her as odd...

***

As soon as the briefing let out, Gen bid goodbye to her metal friend and went to look for the Pilot.
I should be able to find his electrical signal.... She thought, brushing her hand against the wall. A sudden shock lanced up her arm, and she leaped back with a yelp. That wasn't John!
Slowly she pressed her fingertips against the smooth surface. Immediately the shock came again, only this time it was at a particular frequency.
A message....
She closed his eyes and cautiously opened her mind, listening.

Terms for my release,
I, Kkeut, am willing to offer every person on this ship one question(excluding the commanding officers, who get two, and Guardian gets three, 'cause I like him) that I will answer wholeheartedly to the best of my ability, in exchange for being able to walk around freely under surveillance of course. I promise to be of use in rebuilding of he ship, in case of attack, and can put up additional funds for the repair of the ship.
Please consider this offer,
~Your prisoner, Kkeut

Gen stiffened. What did he think he was doing? The Zeranorian pulled away from the wall, and after a moment's thought, turned towards the lifts, a humorless smirk spreading across her face. I said I would get even with him....

***

The lift doors slid open and revealed Gen, standing with we hands on her hips and a glare of near-pure hatred in her face. Kkeut looked up, and his hopeful look dropped away.

"Oh." He sighed. "Why don't you go bother someone else? I'm busy."

"You aren't going anywhere. Not if I have anything to do with it." She stepped out of the left and stalked over to his holding cell. Bending down, she stared at him as I'd he were an insect under a microscope. A flicker of electricity began at her fingertips and a sadistic smile curling across her face. "I think I'll stick around and bother you. So, what's this all about?"

Post #276:  Willow Skyrider posted at Tuesday, April 22nd, 2014, 11:20 PM:
(I'd just like to point out that I don't think Link has discovered how to be in multiple places at once, to my knowledge? Unless that's after the briefing, of course?)

Post #277:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, April 23rd, 2014, 08:48 AM:
(Ah yes, my apologies--I did some time jumping there that really doesn't make sense--thanks for pointing that out!)

Post #278:  GuitarGurl4God98 posted at Monday, April 28th, 2014, 08:14 PM:
(Thanks, Jacob for doing a collab with me!)

“Tradhers at shee-- shipe station!” Ytotia flew up to her father, her eyes sparkling with excitement, with the Commander in tow. As Abigail and Ytotia walked into the hangar, her father, Isosius - chieftain of the Etal, bowed as according to Etalpalli custom then made a sweeping gesture with his arm towards the traders.

“Commander Abigail, I trust the aid of these traders will be of help to you and your crew?”

Abigail straightened up formally and nodded. “We would be very thankful for their help, sir.” Isosius smiled and nodded to the remarkably short crew. A lean man with close-cropped bronzed hair, shocking teal eyes, and an almost freshly shaven beard stepped out from the group followed by a slightly taller man, his right eye swollen shut. Both were dressed in indigo pants with large, beige leather belts, solid work boots, and striped white and indigo shirts. 

The shorter man, whom Abigail assumed their captain, acknowledged her and the Etal with a nod; his companion grunting beside him.
“Commander Gonzalez,” Isosius said. “This is Mister Gopp. He is the captain of Nyte’s Star, a trading ship from the planet Adaliwan. His people have been supplying the Etal’s with native vegetation for hundreds of years, as well as mechanical-parts for our Yevalni.”

“Pleasure to meet you, Mister Gopp.” The Commander said pleasantly, extending her hand. Mister Gopp eyed it for half a second wearily, then took it in his own firm grip. Abigail glanced down at the strong hand and noticed a tattoo in the shape of a strange looking heart.

“Something wrong, Commander?” Gopp asked, his voice deep with a brusque edge.
“No! No, sorry.” She said, dropping his hand and clearing her throat. 

Isosius came and clapped them on their backs warmly. “My friends, let us work out the details later. For now, I’m sure Mister Gopp’s men would like to unload their cargo, and you’ve got an anxious crew awaiting instructions, I’m sure. We’ll host a meal in the Vylirian this evening, and there we will discuss the finite matters of this exchange.”
Abigail nodded and glanced once more at Gopp’s crew. “Very well. I’ll inform my crew.” Then, excusing herself, ran to their makeshift base.

Mr. Gopp nodded as Isosius and Gonzalez turned to leave, then turned back to his own crew.
	“Alright you louts, let get these parts off my ship, and get to lunch!”


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~


"He lives! My creation llliiivveeesss!!" 

Various members of the Outsider looked around the room for the manic voice, then up at the Commander. The Commander herself paused in a moment’s stupor, turned around to glance out the wall-to-wall multi-paneled window, then shook her head. It had taken roughly a half hour to round everyone up for the meeting, but finally they were all being accounted for. Well, mostly all…

She glanced at the seat on her right. The empty seat of First Officer Varya Grey. Abigail sat back in her seat crossing her arms, sighing in annoyance. This wasn’t the first time, but it had been a while since her First Officer had missed a mandatory meeting. She would get there, she was sure. But just when…. Well, that she couldn’t say.

Abigail let out a huff, her curly bangs flying upwards. “What’s wrong, Sunshine?” She turned her head upwards meeting the grinning face of Link with her brother still smiling ear to ear behind him, she suspected that he had nudged Link’s shoulder.

“Rukor, call me Sunshine one more time and I’ll lock you in the brig for a month.” She said, though with the smile creeping up on her face she doubted she looked very serious.
“Oooh, she’s in a good mood today!” Hector exclaimed.
“Oh, sit down you two!” She said, mustering up her best glare.
“Aye, Cap’n!” Link said in his best Scottish accent, and saluting dramatically.

The Commander stood, gathering herself together and cleared her throat. Immediately a hush fell over the room and everyone stood to attention. “As you all know, the trading vessel arrived today bringing a shipment of parts for the Outsider.” She chuckled inwardly at the irony of the ship’s name, and their present predicament. The Outsider. Seems like it wasn’t the only one who was. “Of course we’ll move into immediate action to-”

The doors opened and in walked Gen and Guardian - who had been set to work on right as the proper equipment was available. And by the looks of it they noticed several absences as well, but quietly took their places in the back of the room.

“To make the final few repairs,” She continued on. “The traders are already moving the cargo down to the ship, but I’ll need a few people to go and supervise. I chose our head mechanic, Link Rukor, to pick three strong men to assist and he’s decided to take our head engineer, Delvin Ray and his assistant,” She smirked at her brother whose own smile now faltered. “As well as our newly repaired, Guardian, for heavy lifting.” She could make out his affirming nod. 

“As I see no objections,” Again, she glanced in her brother’s direction, feeling all too pleased with herself. Childish? Maybe. Regrets? None. “We’ll go ahead and continue on. Isosius will be hosting a dinner for our crew, along with the Adaliwan traders, later this evening. Please be sure to look formal, and as always, punctuality is vital.”

This time she glanced back at the seat on her right. She looked up at Sensa for explanation, but the officer simply shook her head. She then looked towards Gen who stood, leaning slightly against Guardian. The Zeranorian huffed and shrugged, then her eyes softened and she nodded to another missing seat. Abby had been so distracted by Varya’s absence, she hadn’t even realized John’s. John was never late. She wondered if he finally decided to take that nap she had been suggesting.

She switched her weight to her right foot and continued. “Any questions?” No one spoke up, so she nodded. “Very good. I’ll see you all for dinner. Dismissed.”

The Commander made her way back to her cabin. She still had several hours before dinner. But in the mean time, some time to think and a shower would do her good. She left the room and turned down the corridor when she felt an arm loop through hers. 
“Big day, eh?” One of her roomates, Bethany, said.
“And to think we still have dinner.” Victoria said, catching up with the two of them.

Post #279:  Willow Skyrider posted at Tuesday, May 6th, 2014, 08:57 PM:
(The last of the Collab-posts for now! ... For now...)

“Any questions?” No one spoke up, so she nodded. “Very good. I’ll see you all for dinner. Dismissed.”
Link stretched out, his legs forming a danger zone across the walkway, his arms narrowly missing Hector sitting next to him. “Well, I’m gonna go meet these traders-.” he told Hector, who was looking surprisingly effervescent for not being chosen to supervise the repairs. Hmm, Adaliwan? Not heard of that planet. Well, guess I’ll find out more! Link trotted over to Guardian, who for some reason was sitting with Gen. “Time to use those metal muscles I amped up!”
Gen giggled. “Yeah, let’s see them in action, Guard!” Link bit back a gag. ‘Guard’...? Oooo-kay. She’s as crazy as her hair.

Guardian, had he had any eyebrows, would have lifted the one closest to her.
“If you both are so eager to get started, I see no reason to object.” He rose from the chair and started towards the front of the room, gathering Hector’s attention, he in turn smacking Delvin across the chest, gently, and pointing his glance to the lumbering giant.
“If we’re lucky, we can get him to do the heavy-lifting for us.” Gen remarked aside with a smirk.

Link wasn’t exactly going to tell Gen that she wasn’t part of the group going to the hangar, but he just made sure to be a good distance away from her. It would be all-too-easy for a Zeranorian to zap him just a little and completely ruin his computer. That would not be good, to say the least.

Leaving the room, they spotted John. “Just missed the briefing!” Link called to him.
The Zeranorian glanced up, his eyes widening--or rather, one of them: the other one was swollen shut. He limped over to them, glancing around at the fading crowd.
“What? Really? Was the Cap’n angry? I knew I shouldn’t have gone into the Med-Bay!”
Link looked at him quizzically, glancing at the Zeranorian’s bruised face. “Whats wrong with the Med-Bay?”
John shrugged and smiled humorlessly. “Varya. She seemed to have something against one of the crew holed up in there. I didn’t get far enough to ask.”
“Probably a good thing that you didn’t get far enough. Between you and me, women can be downright scary. But... don’t let them know I said that, okay?” He winked and looked furtively in Gen’s direction.
“You’re telling me!” John chuckled, rubbing his neck. “Ow….”
Gen glared at the two of them. Link put up his hands. “No shocking, please?”
She crossed her arms and rolled her eyes. “Wouldn’t dream of it. Really.”

Guardian looked back to glance at Hector and Delvin following them quietly.
“Did the Commander say that the parts were to be delivered to the Outsider or will we have to go and collect them?” Hector asked as Guardian opened the door leading out into the mid-day sun.
“She wants us to help the trading vessel’s crew deliver the goods,” Delvin said, trotting to catch up to the AI. 

Link cracked his knuckles. “Let’s go see what these traders have got!” He started running through the list of needed items in his computer. And the list of wanted items. Yeah, a personal hot tub in my room would be nice…
I agree. Guardian intoned through Link’s ‘computer’, making the mechanic jump clear out of the blue.
“It wasn’t me!” Gen hastened to say before anyone accused her.

Link stared at the AI. He had linked his computer system to the AI’s, to be able to completely assess his damage and make sure everything was running right, but the mechanic hadn’t expected Guardian to go using the link to comment on hot tubs. Slowly, he grinned.

Guardian chuckled, like a train ambling down its tracks. Neither of them explained Link’s startle. Heh, no need to give away a cool secret! Link thought to himself. To ease the short silence, he cleared his throat. “Gen, John, you guys planning on helping us?”

John glanced up from the Data-pad that he had been scrutinizing. “I’m game if you are!” He turned and glanced at his friend. Gen wasn’t listening--she had her hands pressed against the wall and seemed completely tuned out from reality. Gently John nudged her.
“What?” She looked around, then blinked. “Oh! No, sorry, there’s something I’ve gotta do.” Quickly she turned away, and marched back the way they came. “I’ll catch you all later!”

John blinked after her in bemusement--he thought he had heard her murmuring something about “murder” and “getting even”, but it might have just been the wind. He turned and shrugged.

Link clapped his hands. “All right, enough chit-chat, ladies! We’ve got work to do!” He led the way forward towards the Aerial hanger.

*        *        *

“You Hector?” One of the traders asked in a not-so-kindly tone. After Hector nodded and replied, the gruff trader turned around and waved them in. “I got it all loaded up into the transport, and it’s ready to go. Just get in and drive.”
“I call keys!” Link shouted. “Only so many seats! Run or walk!” He jumped into the transport, his too-wide grin giving the others thoughts that maybe walking would be safer.

Guardian looked at the size of the cockpit before turning around to start walking towards the ship, he didn’t have any reason to take up a space that one of the others needed, they wouldn’t need to exhaust themselves before the work began, anyway.

John climbed up into the shotgun seat. “If you don’t mind, I’ll take the ‘Link Express.’ I don’t think I could walk to the ship.” He grinned, yawning.
Delvin crawled into the pit next to some of the smaller equipment and then looked down at Hector. “Sorry, no more room.” And proceeded to reach to pull the door down.
Hector smirked and stopped the door abruptly, “Oh yes there is!” 
“Gonzalez, what are you- oof!” Hector proceeded to forcefully plant himself firmly between Delvin and the door.
“See? Plenty of room!” He said, wiggling an arm up and around the higher-up’s shoulder.
“You two cozy back there?” John said laughing.
“Perfectly so! Aren’t we, Dell?” Hector gave a winning smile to poor Delvin, hugging him dramatically close and batting his eyes.
“Just grand.” Delvin growled as Hector stretched to pull the door shut.
Link coughed, “So, uh, how’s Abby gonna feel about you doing this?”
“Abby? Eh, she’ll get over it….” Though Hector’s winner smile faltered again.
“Well, then. Let’s do it!” And with that they punched it down to the ship, zooming past Guardian.

*        *        *

Guardian watched the overfilled hover-transport glide across the plain towards the wreck-of-a-ship they called Outsider. He noticed that none of them looked very comfortable, and he sped up his pace; reaching them several minutes after they got out of the cramped vehicle and finished their moaning.

Link had actually started to disengage the force-field that sealed the back of the transport, and was trying to understand just what in the seven moons of Al’tarash the letters said on the instruction-panel. ‘Ytotia would be very helpful right now… Anyone with knowledge concerning this dialect would be very helpful right now.’

Post #280:  Missymoo posted at Saturday, May 10th, 2014, 11:25 PM:
Since the crash Breezy had being living in the woods with Pinch who had turned up about a week or so after.  
Things had not been going very well for Breezy or Pinch as there wasn't enough food for them. On top of that the injures Breezy had got when the Outsider crashed had never been treated so the fatal tetanus had taken control of her body.
At first Breezy didn't take any notice of the pains she got in her jaw, neck, and shoulders but as they began to get more severe she began to take notice and finally they got so bad that she could hardly move. 
Breezy knew that she probably could not survive on her own and knowing she would never could get as far has the Outsider on her own so she dis-sided to write a message and send Pinch to deliver it.
A little while later Pinch was galloping threw the woods to the Outsider with the message tided to his bridle.
When Pinch got there he went straight up to the first person he saw and nipped them to get their attention.

Post #281:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, May 27th, 2014, 08:33 PM:
((This thing needs some ACTION!!!!!!!
Not my best post ever... Not very full of action, either...))

"Is something wrong with me, Callawyn?"

She looked up from the pond we had been watching. "Of course not, Yanalli!"

I did not respond, instead stared at my reflection. My pink eyes seemed to glow. 'A window to the soul.' I leaned closer.

"Is it my eyes?"

She frowned at me. "What do you mean?"

I turned to look at her, locking our eyes together.

And she saw something there that made her shudder.

**************************************

"Does this button lower it? Oh, woops, guess not," Link muttered, pressing random buttons to try to lower the hovercraft to the ground for easy lifting. Instead, the force field re-engaged, conveniently over one of his hands. Hector wasn't being much help; he just laughed while Link glowered at him.
"Guardian, a little help? You could... I dunno. Smash it! I'm sure that'll work!"

"I am not sure that is the best tactic." "Trust me! Smashing and hitting things always makes them work!"

John chuckled. "Here, I'll help you." He placed a hand on the hovercraft, concentrated a moment. Then with a smile on the Zeranorian's face, the force field opened, freeing Link's hand.
"Thanks, man!" John shrugged a little. "Let's get working on the ship."

---------------------------------------------

"K-Nires love books!"
Lee had never really thought about the home life of aliens. Books... Grocery stores... Sunsets and moons... After spending so much time on Etalpalli, aliens were seeming a little less, well, alien. Sometimes she still had a hard time getting past their appearance, but under it all was a person, just like her.

Ckkela and Lee chatted more, insignificant yet important things.
Her parents' deaths, going on a ship into space, crashing far from home - those hadn't exactly been top on her bucket list. But things like this - making friends, growing stronger from hardship - these were worth it.

After the briefing, which Lee had spent with Ckkela, her new friend, her gaze drifted over to Sensa and Yukan. They were talking in low tones. She had heard little snippets about them, nothing real solid. Lee nudged Ckkela. "Hey... Do you know if... Is it true that their planet was destroyed?"

---------------------------------------------

"Their time of departure approaches."
Ytotia looked at her father. They were flying above the Outsider, watching the progress. She didn't reply for a few moments.
"Not too soon, Father?"
"The time is not so soon, but it will seem to come very quickly. And then... they will be gone."
"I will miss them."
"That is understandable. You have made friends. It is only natural."
"Do they have to leave?"
"Yes, child. Life is full of partings."

Ytotia stared down at the slowly reforming wreck of the Outsider, then gazed up at the sky.
"Father, I... I want to go with them."
Isosius looked at his daughter in surprise. "Ytotia, that is not a simple matter. Would they take you? Would you come back? Where would you go?"
Ytotia gazed at her father with big eyes. "I want to see more than Etalpalli. The wreck... The blood and the death... I was ignorant for so long. These people, I think they can do good things. I don't know what, but I can feel it. And I want to help them do those good things. I won't remain a child forever, Father."
Her father was quiet a long time. "I give you my permission. But now you must gain the Commander's permission."
The young Etal hugged Isosius. Then with a big grin, she flew swiftly down to the ground, leaving her father floating contemplatively in the air.

~~~

"I can speak to Commad-her, please?" was Ytotia's nervous question when Bethany opened the cabin door.

Post #282:  Titus2teen posted at Wednesday, May 28th, 2014, 09:53 PM:
(You want action? Behold action! ;P And Imogen, if you see anything you want to change, go ahead, I really don't want to mess up characters)

Kkeut had killed more people than he could count, gone under intense interrogation on several occasions, and escaped almost impossible situations. But despite all of his skill and training, he was finding it hard not to laugh as Gen stared him down. He had originally intended for Guardian to get this, but Gen was 10 times better!

"So, what's this all about?" She grinned down at him from her standing position, making her Electric powers known, just in case they were forgotten.

"Duh, I'm negotiating my release." Kkeut decided to go the obvious rout.

Gen snorted, holding her sparking hand up closer to Kkeut. "What kind of a deal is that? Questions?"

"I thought it was a reasonable offer... Besides," Kkeut put on a mysterious face. "Wouldn't you like to know what happened to your brother?"

Gen looked at him as if he were a complete disappointment. "I don't have a brother."

Kkeut blinked blankly. Oops... He suddenly felt himself lifted against the wall by what was left of his jacket collar. Kkeut eyed the camera in the corner, completely ignoring whatever accusation was coming out of Gens mouth. Perfect Angle.

Gen suddenly found Kkeut's knee in her stomach, letting go of his jacket. Kkeut fell awkwardly to the floor making sure his elbows hit her in the back of the head, resulting in him being flipped onto his back under a hailstorm of electrified punches, at which point he started yelling at the top of his lungs.

"HELP!! SHE'S ATTACKING ME!! SOMEONE HELP!! GET HER OFF!! GET HER OFF OF ME!!" He yelled, trying avoid as much damage as possible.

Gen stared at him. "What? But you-!?" The elevator opened behind her, as several crewmates(who were very afraid about these two in such close proximity) started to pull Gen toward the open door, much against her yelling in protest.

Kkeut, then taking advantage of the open door, threw himself bodily into the group, which stumbled backwards into the elevator, which started to go up a level.

***

The shock of seeing Gen and the prisoner spill out of the elevator while throwing punches and kicks(Gen was throwing them, Kkeut was doing his best to avoid, parry, or block them) was a bit too much to keep the fellow shipmates at they're assigned posts, as a third went running to try and find someone to help, a third of them went running for cover, and a third stayed there to either congratulate Gen or attack Kkeut. The people in the elevator? They were lying on the floor moaning.

Gen was practically seething, coming full-tilt after Kkeut, who while enjoying this, knew that now was not the best time to continue. Thus, he dodged just barely out of the way of a kick, swept Gen into the air with his mind and delivered a kick that sent her across the room.

That should keep her busy for a moment.

Kkeut turned and faced the third that stayed, with a look advising them to get lost like the other two-thirds. I wonder if I kicked her too hard...

Kkeut took one step before he was knocked onto his face by a blast of electricity. He looked up to find a very electrified Gen, who was very, very angry. Nevermind. 

He slowly got back to his feet, wondering when he would stop diving head-first into improvised plans. "I'm guessing you don't want to be friends now?"

Gen slowly walked towards him, a cold fury raging within her that encompassed her. She was convicted in her right, surer now more than ever of her crusade against the two-faced liar and murderer.

Well now, this should be decidedly more fun than escaping. And possibly much more painful...

Post #283:  Imogen posted at Thursday, May 29th, 2014, 01:23 PM:
John tumbled out of the hover-transport, groaning and massaging his ribs.

"Delvin! Those claws of yours really don't belong in my gut!"

The wolfish alien grinned and shrugged, trotting over to Hector and sorting out the blueprints. John sighed and shook his head, a smirk on his face.

"Guardian, a little help?!"

John glanced around, and snorted with laughter: Link had become stuck in the hover-craft's forcefield, and was pulling desperately, his arm sticking out in front of him like a metal rod. John chuckled and stepped forward.

"Here, I'll help you." He placed a hand on the hovercraft, and closed his eyes. Energy surged through his palms, running through the mainframe of the vessel's computer, and tapping into the defense systems. There was a click, then a whirr as the force field decintegrated and, and Link was released.

"Thanks, man!"

John shrugged a little, rubbing his eyes with a yawn. "Let's get working on the ship."

They all trotted down to the vessel, where even now some of the crew were working on reinforcing the hull, sparks flying from their wielding guns while tiny rivulets of liquid metal streamed down the wide, shining sheets. John whistled, then hoisted the bag of blueprints that he had been working on this morning, up on his shoulder.

"I'll go set these near the bridge, then come join you guys!"

Link nodded and waved. "Ok, don't nod off!"

John chuckled and turned towards the bridge. His eyes alighted upon the new view-dome, sitting in the grass next to the ship's beak-like nose. He breathed out heavily: it was a beautiful piece of work. The glass was the width of his torso, and he knew from the glistening sheen on the outside, that it was titanium reinforced. It would take more than trees and a crash to shatter this baby!

And that was when he noticed that something was pulling on his trouser's leg. He looked down, and almost yelled in surprise.

A small equine creature, about the size of a small pony and looking nearly exactly like a miniature zebra, was pulling at the hem of his pants. To John's extreme surprise, the creature was wearing what looked like a bridle.

"Hello! Where have you come from!"

Something caught his eye, and he bent over the zebra. It seemed that there was a bit of paper tucked into its bridle. Carefully, John plucked it out and folded it open, but when he tried to read the words written there, he found them scrawled and blurred, as if the hand that had written them had been too shaky to keep the pen steady.

John looked back at the zebra curiously. "Who sent you?"

When it saw that he had taken notice of it, the creature turned and trotted towards the nearby woods, but when John did not follow, it stopped and looked back expectantly.

The Zeranorian raised his eyebrows and shook his head, rubbing his sore and aching eyes. "I must be dreaming... seventy-two hours without sleep is definitely not good...." He blinked hard, but the creature was still there. Slowly, he placed the blueprints on the ground and took a step after it. It squealed in excitement and started off at a trot into the forest. John's eyes widened and he began tripping after it.

"H-Hey! Wait! Wait up!" He broke into a limping run, and so did the creature. Without even realizing it, John plunged into the dark woods, leaving the roars and machinery noise of the repair team far behind him.

***
He followed the strange little zebra for quite some time. Every time he came close to catching up, it would dart off again until he almost had to sprint to keep it in sight. But, when he tried to turn back once or twice, the zebra would come darting back, blocking his path and braying incessantly. So, bemused and befuddled, John continued to follow it. However, after about fifteen minutes, when still nothing had happened, he began to feel frustrated. His leg was hurting him, and his ribs and arm were aching.

My kingdom for a Tylenol...

"Can I please go back now? Link and the rest will be wondering where I am..."

The zebra looked back and brayed urgently, then disappeared over a rise. Sighing, John followed reluctantly.

He didn't have any idea of what he would discover at the end of their trek, but what he did find on the other side of the rise was definitely not anything near what he had expected. He poked his head over the grassy edge, and immediately his eyes alighted on something light. He caught his breath, his heart leaping into his throat.

It was a hand.

As quickly as he could, the lanky Zeranorian slipped down the slope, forgetting his own pain in the revelation of what he had found. A young girl was curled up in a hollow underneath a tree. As he limped towards her, she made no movements, and for a moment John thought she was dead. He fell to his knees beside her, and reached for a pulse. There it was, very faintly; he could feel her blood moving against her skin, pulsing through her veins. Carefully he reached in and hooked his spidery fingers under her arms, drawing her gently out. The little zebra pranced and snorted anxiously around them, coming forward to nose its master in concern.

John laid the girl out on the ground, and inspected her wounds.
Her gashes were all but closed now, these many months after the crash, but John could tell at first glance that they had become infected. He gently ran his fingers along one scar over her shoulder, and felt the hard, swollen lump of an abscess. But there was something else, he could feel it. She wouldn't be stretched out like this over one abscess...

As quickly as he could, he stood up, raising his comm to his lips.

"This is Ensign Turner reporting to base, repeat, Ensign Turner reporting to base. Urgent medical assistance requested, I repeat, urgent medical assistance requested!" The comm crackled into silence, and John bent down over the girl. Aside from her wounds, she was also obviously starved: her bones stood out in her form like craggy stones. John bit his lower lip and gently slipped his arms around her, lifting her up like he would a child.

She must have been a stowaway... no one of this description is on the roister. The zebra trotted over, sitting down at his feet and looking up with baleful eyes. John smiled at the creature, and clicked his tongue.

"Come on, boy. Lets get you some food."

Slowly, he limped back up the rise, and headed on towards the ship.
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Ckkela's mind was on nothing in particular, when Lee spoke up again. 

"Hey... Do you know if... Is it true that their planet was destroyed?"

The K-Nire followed her gaze, and blinked, looking at the two Gurrans. She frowned. "That's what I've heard... how terrible... I didn't know if it was true until yesterday, when I overheard Yukan talking to someone in the hall." She shook her head sadly. "I don't know how it happened, but what a terrible thing to go through... how lonely it must be for them...."

She watched the two. They sat apart from everyone else, talking to one another in low undertones.

"I wonder if there is something we can do?" She said quietly to Lee, knowing full well that nothing, not kind words, could mend a wound such as that which they carried.

"This is Ensign Turner reporting to base, repeat, Ensign Turner reporting to base. Urgent medical assistance requested, I repeat, urgent medical assistance requested!"

Ckkela jumped out of her chair as her comm crackled into silence, nearly knocking the table over in her rush. Lee leaped up too, staring at the K-Nire with equally wide eyes. Ckkela looked back at her, then quickly raised the comm to her lips.

"We're on our way," she barked, reaching for her medical kit. Quickly she looked up at Lee. "I might need some help, would you come as well?"

Her heart fluttered in her chest. What could have happened? Perhaps one of the ship's hull plates had come loose and collapsed on someone--perhaps John or Link or Delvin had collapsed and lay dying right now--but no, that was silly, John had just called, and he sounded all right--or did he? What if he was trapped under a support beam?! What if--

She shook her head. This is nonsense. Keep it together, Ckkela!

She rushed towards the door.
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

Gen was furious.

Not only had the brute launched an attack on her, and escaped his confines, he was hurting her dignity. Every attack seemed to make him more mirthful, and Gen was running out of patience, (as if she had had any in the first place).

"I'm guessing you don't want to be friends now?" He smirked, slowly rising from his awkward position on the ground.

A snarl ripped across Gen's face. "I'll be friends when you are nothing more than a steaming pile of gelatinous mush spreading across the floor like so many stinking maggots."

She lunged forward, swinging her crackling fist at his face. Infuriatingly, he dodged it, dancing around behind her. She snarled again and, almost without thinking, reared around and flung her arms out. Arcs of electricity lanced out from her fingers, striking him full in the chest. At the moment the connection was made, she felt his life force, his energy, flowing through him, through his heart and brain. She flicked her wrists, and everything stopped. She closed her eyes, and concentrated on that life force, entering through the electrical bridge and moving through to his mind. Slowly, he began to float up off the ground, paralyzed.

She moved slowly towards him, her eyes dark and her silver hair fizzing with energy. The snarl curled into a cruel grin.

"Not so slick now are you, bad boy?"

Suddenly she stopped in her tracks. Looking up with fury in her eyes, she saw a smile curl across Kkeut's face.

"I didn't know there were so many Psi-Users on board," he said, "I would have bought tickets for another ship."

"I wish you had," Gen hissed. "And I'm Zeranorian, not a 'Tie-User', or whatever its called. You should have read up on our species before you got into a fight with me." Slowly, her left foot moved forward, her grimace growing to a growl deep in her throat.

"Oh yeah?" he snapped, "you're not so tough."

"You wanna bet, imbecile?"

"I don't bet, I know, but apparently thats beyond your species' perception abilities."

Gen's eyes flared with a wrathful hatred, and with a roar she broke the link, flinging him across the room and into the far wall.

"I'LL SHOW YOU TOUGH, NUMBSKULL!"

(And so, the bro-fight continues. I can't help but think of the first meeting between Thor and Iron Man....
Tell me if there is anything you want me to change!!!)

Post #284:  Missymoo posted at Saturday, May 31st, 2014, 10:58 PM:
One thing Pinch is a lot bigger then a dog. he's about the size of a Dartmoor pony or rather 12 hands.

Post #285:  Imogen posted at Thursday, June 26th, 2014, 09:58 AM:
(( The silence is deafening! D: ))

Post #286:  GuitarGurl4God98 posted at Thursday, June 26th, 2014, 10:41 AM:
(My fault! I take full responsibility! I'm so sorry!!)

Post #287:  Imogen posted at Thursday, June 26th, 2014, 05:17 PM:
(NO! I was actually thinking of posting, and besides, its good to have breaks! It makes it all the more suspenseful, [no matter how difficult it is to wait--delayed gratification is better than a direct shot of dopamine, as in video and chatbox RP. Plus it keeps it from becoming too addictive.  I think.... *stares at the screen like a zombie)]

Post #288:  Missymoo posted at Friday, June 27th, 2014, 04:26 AM:
Well who's going to post then?

Post #289:  Imogen posted at Friday, June 27th, 2014, 09:16 AM:
(Would you mind, Heidi? You're in a great position to! I know Beth has a post in the works as well!)

Post #290:  Titus2teen posted at Friday, June 27th, 2014, 10:18 AM:
(I was also supposed to do one... but I forgot... forgive me...)

Post #291:  GuitarGurl4God98 posted at Friday, June 27th, 2014, 02:24 PM:
(Okay, Bethany! I've written out my part and sent it back to you! Let me know if you got it.)

Post #292:  Missymoo posted at Saturday, June 28th, 2014, 04:01 AM:
I think I'll let Bethany go first as I need to get a post worked out.

Post #293:  PINKPANSIES posted at Saturday, June 28th, 2014, 06:43 AM:
Thanks for your help Abby!


"Big day, eh?" Bethany said, coming up and slipping her arm into Abby's.
"And to think we still have dinner." Victoria replied, coming up on Bethany's other side. 
Bethany sighed fretfully, "Yes."
Victoria and Abby both gave her quizzical looks.
Bethany shrugged her shoulders, "I want to go, but I want to sleep more. I haven't been sleeping well." 

The girls arrived at their small cabin. Victoria went straight in to take the first shower while Abby plopped down on the edge of the bed to take her muddy boots off. Bethany sat herself down in a chair at the small table that stuck out of the wall and looked out of the tiny circular window. On a day like this, she might've imagined being back on earth with the way the lighting came in. She thought about home like they all did. She wondered about her family and what they were doing about now. What she might've been doing about now. Pretty soon her thoughts drifted to everything and nothing till she was simply lost in her mind's oblivion.

The Commander cleared her throat bringing Bethany back to reality, "So...when you say you haven't been sleeping well, do you mean you're uncomfortable or...?"
Bethany sat back and shuddered remembering last night's dream, "I've been having bad nightmares."
"I think we've all been having those, Beth." Victoria said, standing in the bathroom doorway in her designated trousers and white tank, trying to comb out her red curls. She glanced over at Abby, "You're turn."
Abby stood, gathering her clean clothes and towel together. "Cochran's right. We've all been having them. Mine have only gotten worse." 
"Well anyway," Bethany continued, "That has nothing to do with all the parts for the Outsider coming. Is there anything that you want me to do right now, Commander?"
"No, Bethany. Just get ready for dinner. And if you'd like to take a shower then I'll be out in five minutes." Abby replied.
Bethany smiled, "Alright."

Bethany started to gather her things together while Victoria continued to wrestle with her hair, when a knock at the sounded. It wasn't surprising to have a knock at the door, but when Bethany opened it and found Ytotia standing there looking very nervous, she couldn't help but be puzzled. Bethany smiled warmly at her, "Is anything the matter, Ytotia?"
"I can speak to Commad-her, please?" Was her nervous reply.
"Sure! Come in," She beckoned, opening the door more widely and offering her the chair at the table.
"Commander?" Bethany called just as she heard the water turning off, "Commander, Ytotia is here. She wants to speak to you."
"Alright, Beth. Offer her something to drink, I'll be right out." Abby replied.
Bethany turned back around to Ytotia who was fiddling with her wings, "The Commander will be right out. Would you care for some tea?"

Post #294:  GuitarGurl4God98 posted at Saturday, June 28th, 2014, 10:39 AM:
(It was fun, Beth!

Okay! So Heidi can post next then. Lee, do you think we can do another collab of Ytotia and the Commander?)

Post #295:  Imogen posted at Saturday, June 28th, 2014, 11:16 PM:
((Sorry to jump people's posts, I wanted t get something in for Kae and the rebels.))

Kaerael was having a good day.

"THEIR SHEILDS ARE DOWN, COMMANDER!"

"TARGET THEIR AFT WEAPONS SYSTEM!"

"FIRE! GO, GO, GO!!!"

He flung his arms over his face as the array of torpedoes flew from their cannons, screaming silently across the dark expanse and delivering their payload to a ship so black it looked like a hole in the tapestry of stars. He watched in satisfaction as an explosion blossomed at one end of the black ship, and gleaming electricity flashed and crackled over its expanse. Presumably the cursed creatures were trying to repair their mortally damaged hull. The Fellaer smirked as, in one cataclysmic moment, the black ship was ripped apart, scattering shards of shrapnel and unidentifiable objects to the four winds.

"That takes care of that lot. Negatives may seem stupid, but they are smart enough not to try the same thing twice--"

"--sophisticated zombies?"

Kae swivelled his chair around. The security officer, a woman with dark umber skin, silver eyes, and flaming orange hair was grinning at him. He smirked and nodded.

"I like that. I think I'll keep you, lieutenant!"

"Only if I have a say in it commander." She grinned.

He turned around again, looking down at the helm. The pilot had been rubbish, so he'd sent him to do maintenance in the canteen.

If you don't like the way a job is being done, then do it yourself!
He thought, flicking the switches and powering up the drive.

"All right people, let's get back to base! I think we'll be just in time dinner!"

This day could not get any better!

(To be continued...)

Post #296:  Missymoo posted at Sunday, June 29th, 2014, 02:19 AM:
Breezy became vaguely aware that something had just entered her hide out. What ever it was be it friend or foe Breezy knew that in her weakened condition she would not stand a chance of getting away, it was just then she felt herself lifted carefully and carried up out of the hollow.
Forcing herself to open her eyes she found her looking into a set of very dark brown eyes which gazed at her steadily for a moment. Then her rescuer laid her down gently on the ground and began speaking into something that looked like a small microphone, then having finished talking he picked her up and started back in the direction of the Outsider. 
After about a quarter of a hours walk they came out of the trees and into the open. When they appeared some of the crew that had being looking around and calling out a name let out a shout and came crowding around Breezy and her rescuer who seemed to be John something. 
Many of the people began asking questions but John just hurried on without answering until he met a person who looked quite like a dog and handed Breezy over to her, but just then Breezy passed out.

Post #297:  Imogen posted at Monday, June 30th, 2014, 11:00 PM:
(Continued...)

"So, what you're saying is, the Negatives have begun infiltrating our space, past the Omar border?"

"Yes, Admiral, that is correct. We are sure that the Empire is behind them?"

"Beyond the shadow of a doubt, Commander."

A grizzled old woman, with eyes of flame and golden-orange skin, was sitting behind a desk, watching Kaeral Faroset closely.

"Kae, you are one of my most trusted commanders--" (Kae swelled with pride) "--and I want you to tell me: how big would you say that Negative vessel was?"

Kae leaned back in his seat and put his arms behind his head. "Well, Admi, I wouldn't mind saying that I thought it was one of the biggest, most fearsome ships I'd ever seen! And thats saying something, because on patrol, we've run across some mean Empire vessels, made even me quake in my boots."

Admiral Lysi's eyebrows rose. "Really?" she asked flatly. "You must not run across large ships too often, because this report says that it was likely just a small exploration probe, containing one or no Negatives, in total."

Kae's jaw dropped and his proud posture withered. "Well... Admiral, I... I thought... from a distance it looked like... it could have been--"

"--Kae," she cut in, her face suddenly serious. "How many torpedoes did it take to destroy the target?"

Kae paused, then his face fell and he sighed, dropping his arms by his sides.
"Six, Ma'am."

Admiral Lysi passed a hand over her eyes. "Its worse than I thought. The Negatives are getting smarter, and the empire knows it. Kae, if we don't stop them--"

Kae sat up, his eyes firm. "Lysi, you and the other five created the Rebellion with the intent of saving this quadrant from the Empire. Everyone is depending on us, the Rebels, to defeat the Pirates, Negatives, and Empirical forces, and we will not fail. I know we won't."

She stared at him for a moment, then shook her head.
"You always were too optimistic.... All right, Kae, you keep patrolling that border. If you see anything out of the ordinary, anything at all, report it back to me."

"Like an electrical storm that spits out strange ships?"

Her eyes snapped and she half-rose from her seat. "That's classified information! I don't know where you heard that, Kae, but don't go around chasing rumors. Dismissed."
She turned her back on him, and with a look of quiet shame on his face, Kae turned and walked to the door.

But if it's not a rumor, like the captain in the last border skirmish, said, then what? What have they stumbled into?

Post #298:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, July 8th, 2014, 06:42 PM:
(Sorry for not posting and stuffs! Abby, whenever you have the time, just tell me, and I'll work with you on that collab post! After 6:00pm EST or so)

Post #299:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, July 23rd, 2014, 10:42 PM:
"John!"

Link leaped back in shock as the lanky Zeranorian staggered from the bushes, laden with his burden.

"We've been looking everywhere for you! We thought something had happened! Who is that?" The Mechanic's eyes alighted on Breezy, lying limply in John's arms. John shook his head.

"I dunno, I just found her in the woods." He heard a familiar bark, and his heart lightened. "I've got to go," he said quickly, "she needs instant medical attention." He pushed softly past Link and made his way as quickly as possible towards the oncoming figures. Ckkela skidded to a halt a few feet in front of him and unloaded her bag, while behind her Lee caught up.

"Let me see," Ckkela said quickly. John laid the girl on the ground, and the K-Nire bent over her, checking her vitals. She nodded.
"She is severely dehydrated, and seems to have some blood infection. I'll know more when we can get her to the Med-Bay." She pulled a syringe out of her med bag, and drained it into the girl's bloodstream.

"This should get her stabilized. We'll take it from here." She nodded to Lee, and loaded Breezy onto a stretcher, then took her to a waiting vehicle.

John watched as they went, thoroughly perplexed, at best. Where had that girl come from? Surely she had been a stowaway, but to survive for so long on her own... Why had she even come on the ship in the first place?!

The pilot turned and ambled back down towards the ship. Near a large tree overhanging one of the ship's "wings", he stumbled. Sinking to the ground, he realized just how long it had been since he had last slept. His leg was bothering him, and he couldn't think straight. The sun was warm, and filtering through the leaves it dappled his face in just the right way. Sighing, he leaned back against the tree's rough trunk and closed his eyes.

Just a quick rest....

Post #300:  finnishfinn posted at Monday, July 28th, 2014, 10:54 PM:
(Sorry for not posting in a very, very, VERY, long time!)

"Forward boardwalk lights are back online." Delvin yelled up from inside one of the maintenance terminals for the backup hard drive generator. "All set ." He said as he dragged himself out.
He dusted himself off and stepped into the next access terminal and began to unscrew the bolts, but then he noticed something strange dangling from the cooling vent.
Looking closer he noticed it looked like... It was breathing, or looked that way. Delvin sat up and started poking it with his wrench but to his surprise it started oozing out a green puss like fluid which began to drip down into the vent below. "Oh!" Shouted Delvin, noticing that his wrench's head had melted! Delvin quickly peered down into the lower vent and saw a hole through 4 floors. Delvin spoke on his radio "Delvin to science lab, you need to meet me in engine room 3, you might want to see this."

Post #301:  Autumn Lee posted at Monday, August 4th, 2014, 08:25 PM:
((I'll do another post with more on my other characters...
Served with a generous helping of Abby!  ))

Commander Abby walked out to the smell of brewing Peppermint and Lady Grey. Sitting at their small wooden table was a fidgety Ytotia who was combing out her feathers as Beth chatted on about her favorite teas. Victoria sat on the other stool with her tablet in hand looking intently over whatever was on screen.

“Hello, Ytotia.” Abby greeted with a smile.
“Commad-her!” Ytotia started. Immediately the Etal stood stalk straight and stuck out her hand in an orderly fashion. “Commad-her, I come see you!”
Abby took the spidery-thin hand in her own firmly, “I can see that. What can I do for you?” She asked, taking a seat at the last stool and gesturing for their friend to take her seat back.
“I, uh….” Ytotia bit her bottom lip and started to fiddle with her wings again.
“Would you care for some tea, Commander?” Bethany asked as she set the other two girls’ drinks on the table.
“Oh, milk if you would, Beth. Sorry, Ytotia, what was that you were saying?” Abby continued.
Ytotia sipped slowly at her tea, trying to form what she would say. She looked at the Commander, then at Victoria, then Bethany, and once back at the Commander before any words could even form again. 
“I… I… I ask to join crew. Um, Outsider crew. Commad-her can say yes or no?” The words came in a rush. “I want help you. You--” she gestured widely to include everyone “--you do not know here. I do. I can tell planets and stars, and tell where you go.” Here she paused, biting her lip and flushing. “You are friends. My friends. I miss you when you go. So I go too, so I do not miss you.” Done speaking, she fixed her big eyes on the Commander, and hoped what she said had been intelligible.
Dead silence came over the room. Ytotia first looked at Bethany who gave an unsure but warm smile, then at Victoria who had lost interest in her screen and looked intently at Abby. The Commander gazed down at the rough table, eyebrows knitted together. A hand rested gently under her nose while the other crossed to her forearm.
Ytotia could feel sweat gathering on her forehead and suddenly wondered if this was such a good idea. Wondered if she had done something that would cause her friends not to trust her. Wondered if she had said the right thing. She swallowed hard and leaned forward, her eyes growing more determined.
“Please… Abby.”
Abby glanced up at Ytotia, then raised an eyebrow at Victoria and Beth. She took a breath and stretched a leg in front of her. “That’s Commander to you.”
Ytotia’s breath failed her all at once. She clenched her hands under the table and closed her eyes.
“Or at least it will be tomorrow morning.” Ytotia looked at the Commander questioningly and noticed her eyes full of mischievous light.  “You start training at dawn.” 
A second of disbelief; then Ytotia jumped up and clapped her hands. “Thank you, Commad-her! Thank you!” She gave a little hop, then hugged the Commander, then Bethany, then Victoria. 
The girls all laughed and congratulated their favorite Etal. Ytotia was given specific instructions on her training and what it would entail. She nodded eagerly to everything.
“But,” Abby said “first you’re gonna need a proper uniform. Go see [insert name here], she’ll get you fitted and suited up before dinner tonight.” She glanced at the Etal’s wings and wondered how that would work out.
Ytotia just nodded eagerly again. “Yes, Commad-her!”
Abby chuckled, “Well then… get a move on soldier! Go on!” The Etal bowed, then left the room, hopping at every step.

Post #302:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, September 2nd, 2014, 04:15 PM:
((Well, this wasn't quite what I meant... But it's a whole lot awesomer! 8D
This meal served by chefs Imogen and Lee XD))

The ship was dark, quiet. Except for the hiss of steam, and the occasional “clank” of shifting machinery, all was still. A long hall stretched down the centre of the ship’s heart, surrounded by complex tangles of dark wire and cable, and glowing with an icy, electric, gleam.
A tall, thin shadow slipped down the edge of the hall, clinging to the black walls and scarcely seeming to move, itself. Only two white-hot pinpoints of light where its eyes would have been betrayed its motion.
It stopped in front of a massive, stone double door at the end of the hall, raised its right hand, and pressed it against the seam between the doors. White electricity crackled at its fingertips, then lanced into the seam, sizzling up and down until the line between the doors glowed white hot. With a moan they began to open inwards, the shadow following them into a large room.
“Emperor Lurid!” His voice, although soft, rumbled like unreleased lightning. From the front, it seemed like his form was continually shifting, phasing in and out of existence. His eyes flickered up to a tall, dark shape, standing at the head of the room.
“Is it so urgent you must interrupt me?” the dark form growled. It was facing away, facing nothing but the wall, but the tone indicated something important had been interrupted.
Aronan’s eyes flickered. “It is, my Lord. I come bearing information. Information that could be… useful… to our cause.”
Lurid did not respond for a moment. Then he laughed. “Ah, you do have good news! I can sense it!” Suddenly the good humor from the laugh vanished; he whirled around towards Aronan. “Tell me!”
The Negative stiffened, and his eyes narrowed. His form changed, shifting until he was no longer shadow, but corporeal and solid. His black eyes never wavered as he moved forward.
“The newest ship offering is currently being claimed. A small vessel with a living compliment of thirty two. The Continuity.”
A low growl. “Thirty two? And when only half the collection survives the change?”
The Negative bristled. “It is not my fault that the species are inferior!”
“I never said it was your fault.” The tone was calmer. “No, not your fault… But the Outsider… Why did that ship escape… It grates on me, Aronan.”
“Make sure you capture this… Continuity, and I may be in better spirits.”
Aronan froze, his face apparently emotionless--but when he spoke, it was in lower, servile tones.
“I cannot answer for the escape of the Outsider, but my Negatives will not fail in claiming the Continuity. It shall be as you wish, my Lord.” He paused, then raised his head, a hint of curiosity in his dark, shifting eyes. “My Lord, I have received information on certain members of the Outsider’s crew…”
“You never fail me, Aronan,” Lurid said, pleasure in his voice. “Tell, tell.”
Aronan’s face twisted into what might have been a smile. “I am… familiar with two of the crew. They were there at the inception of my kind, and have hunted me ever since. One of them was, at one point, on the edge of joining my ranks.” He shrugged. “They are not a threat, this far from the homeworld. There is another: a cyborg who cares for the ship’s mechanics. He could be… valuable. Then,” he paused, “others, few of note. A creature with vast, but limited physical strength, a sentient computer, and the ship’s Commander.”
Lurid nodded slowly as he listened. “How interesting… Ah, wouldn’t it be such an event, if your friends were to be the ones who were caught at the end? We must make sure to arrange that, so you may have a good time.”
Aronan’s eyes lit up with pleasure and excitement. “Thank you, my Lord. I would be glad of the opportunity!”
“Only for you, Aronan. You only are the truly loyal of my servants…” Lurid was quiet, then growled, “Now, I must return to my task. Leave me.”
Aronan bowed. “As you wish, my Lord.” He turned, his form warping and becoming shadow once more. As he walked to the door, he cast a curious glance back over his shoulder. The Emperor stood facing away again, but his form shook slightly. The Negative faintly heard the whisper, “Oh, the terrible things I do…”

-------------------------------------------------------------------

“Yes, yes, the terrible things I do.” The Emperor’s voice was cheerful. “A cyborg mechanic… Ah, how easy to use! And no one will ever know just what is happening… Not even the mechanic!” He began to laugh, uncontrollable laughter. “The terrible things I do!!!”

Post #303:  Willow Skyrider posted at Tuesday, September 2nd, 2014, 07:25 PM:
(And suddenly, we have a plot.)

Post #304:  Willow Skyrider posted at Tuesday, September 2nd, 2014, 10:14 PM:
(Allen, get a post in )

"Delvin to science lab, you need to meet me in engine room 3, you might want to see this." 
The radio screeched on Delvin Ray's belt. "All right Delvin, we'll send someone up to you, over."
He picked the radio up and peered deeper into the hole. "You better hurry."
"He's on his way, Science out."

Taikunmi ducked his head through the unseemly low-arched doorway into the auxiliary engine room, usually this engine was only used to monitor the two main engines and maintain the electrical-overflow from one to the other, circulating the excess; but if something catastrophic were to happen to one of the engines, Engine Three could quickly be set up to replace whichever engine had failed.

'What was it that you wanted me to see?' was the thought that Taikunmi had been about to ask, but before the words could make it out of his mouth he stopped short and stared at the singed hole in the middle of the floor, and then slowly tilted his head up to the green ooze slowly dripping from the ceiling.
"That doesn't look healthy."
Delvin blinked at him, then pointed down. Taik followed his indication while minding not to have whatever it was drip through his skull. As he glanced down the hole he let out a soft whistle, then looked back up to the mass of acidic goo.

"I think you should radio back to the lab and tell them that I'm gonna need a suit, and to work faster on getting our equipment back online, I was in the middle of running a pre-test to see what still worked when you called me up here."
Ray nodded and unclipped his radio.

Post #305:  Missymoo posted at Thursday, September 4th, 2014, 01:19 AM:
Does anybody have any idea what I could do with Roseena?

Post #306:  Titus2teen posted at Saturday, September 6th, 2014, 08:22 AM:
(It only took all summer and Imogen to get me to write this. So sorry it took so long. Imogen helped a lot. Key: Blue is Kkeut's thought line, and the Green is Gen's. )
________________________________________________________________

Kkeut weighed his options. This fight has taken too long... So I can't escape now, even if I won. And I've expended too much energy...

"...NUMBSKULL!!"

Kkeut casually slid off the pipe to the floor, as if he'd forgotten he was in a fight. He had a perfect view of Gen's hand go through the metal pipe, the slight hiss of steam escaping around her arm.

"Good form." He commented from the floor.

"SHUT UP!!" Kkeut barely had time to move before another strike nearly dented the floor.

"Sheesh, talk about not being able to take a compliment." Kkeut wagged his index finger back and forth in front of him.

"I said SHUT IT!!" Gen's attacks were getting harder to dodge, Kkeut knew he was about to fizzle out. If only it wasn't so sudden all the time...

"Whassamatter? Is my talking distracting you? breaking your concentration? making you angry?" Kkeut rolled under a blow that would'eve broken his nose, distancing himself from Gen.

Gen whipped around, focusing on her target. All her force seemed to be generating from her right hand, so much energy that it began to sizzle.

"Wait, I think I've seen this before, Chidori right?" She's not saying anything.. I must'eve made her really mad... 

Hisssss

Gen started moving. Well it was closer to running full tilt. Kkeuts eyes grew wide.

Hhisssss

Gen was getting faster as she got closer. But the pipe. That sound. That couldn't be right. 

Hhhiisssssss

Time slowed down. Kkeut's eyelids started to shut. That pipe shouldn't still be making noise. That means it's an exhaust, coming from something that's on. That also means that I'm currently standing in it, and judging by smell I'd say it's the gasoline that's evaporated from the engine chamber, and the thinning agent that goes with it must'eve dispersed when it hit air. His eyes started to sharpen as they began opening again, and his gaze flickered to his attacker, and the energy crackling in her fist. That much generated electricity would ignite the room!
He glanced down at the floor beneath them. He hadn't even noticed before, but they had come out on the upper level of the Etal’s engineering room, where a metal walkway stretched around the circular room overlooking the power source for the building: a line of high concentration plasma manifolds. He sucked in a quick breath. If the casing of those endured enough heat, they could potentially ignite and blow the whole place to kingdom come!

These people don’t deserve to die. Not today.

Hhhhiiissssssss

“Gen, wait!” He shouted, pulling himself up into somewhat of a sitting position. whether she did not hear him, or just chose to ignore his exclamation, he did not know. Time sped up. She swung her fist at his head, the electricity crackling up her arm and over her shoulder, a snarl of rage across her lips. In the seconds before the attack, he noticed that her irises and pupils had completely filmed over with blue electricity. He thought he could already distinguish the smell of burning gasoline.

These people don’t deserve to die. Not yet anyway.

His eyes sharpened, the spikes in his abyss like vortexes becoming almost needle like. He leaped up at Gen, acting solely on instinct. Kkeut dodged the lightning hand, catching her wrist and grabbing her shoulder.

Shunk!

Gen's had put a sharp piece of metal very nicely into Kkeut's side with her left hand, but Kkeut didn't see it, or even sense it. He looked into Gen's hate-filled eyes, and blinked. Gen flew across the room behind the the thunderclap's echo, taking her piece of scrap with her, fresh blood warming her hand.

The energy that she had been holding in erupted from her hands, lancing out into the air and striking the nearest conductors, igniting the gasoline in the air with a roar. She crashed against the far wall and slumped to the ground, a high whine ringing in her ears.

Kkeut wasted no time in acting. The flames were already licking up from the ground floor below them, where most of the gasoline had settled. The people in the doorway screamed and raced for the nearest exit. Kkeut moved towards the railing and extended his hands. He closed his eyes, feeling the ebb and flow of the energy from the pipe. Time was running out. The gas currently pouring from the torn pipe pulled in towards his hands, while a sheet of metal started to constrict around the pipe, waiting for the embrace of embers to join it with the dented object.

The flames roared up around him, but to Kkeut the room was silent, nothing else existed except him and the objects that he was manipulating. Everything was fit into place. He closed his eyes and let out a breath.

There was a strange sound, like a grenade given a mishapen voice being muffled under a pillow. The pipe glowed white hot for a moment, then cooled—the center crumpled so that no more gas could escape. But that didn’t stop the fire that was building below. He could see, even as he felt his legs begin to weaken, that the casings to the plasma manifolds were already glowing a bright orange.

aah shock…

He started back from the railing, but in his weakening state was too late to avoid a burst of heat as the flames rose suddenly higher.

Oh… Gen groaned, her vision blurry as she started to come to. That could have felt better….
Gen uncovered her head and looked for Kkeut, finding him lying near a singed, melted pile of metal that had previously been the railing. He was breathing through his teeth and writhing face-down on the floor.

It always burns... Nothing works right after... I thought it would have gotten better by now...

She slowly got up and approached him, feeling the heat of the flames that were already licking at the supports to the walkway on which they were standing. She heard him quietly talking to himself between gasps. "Stupid... failsafes... don't, know... how to... make any-... -thing last..." He seemed to be trying to get up, but he finally gave up with a breath after a few seconds. "I.. hate. engineering…."

A strange feeling started in her, and she stopped, standing before him. She could push him off the edge and into the flames, and no one would ever have to know. No one on the ship would care.

John would care. She felt a stab of guilt. John would know. He would guess. And… and I would be a murderer, just like him. She stared down, and the flames leaped higher. Slowly, slowly, she knelt down and rolled his still form over. His eyes were closed and his face pale. She pressed her thin fingers against his throat, and found a pulse. She narrowed her eyes and placed her hands on his shoulders. All it would take would be one push, and the flames would take care of the rest. But she didn’t move, and her arms began to tremble.

With a choking noise, she fell back, and put her face in her hands.
Whatever he has done, I can’t do this. I can’t be like him. And… and he just saved us. Maybe… just maybe….

With a roar, a spout of flame soared up behind them, making the walkway glow white hot. Gen leaped back, her heart in her throat, her eyes wide. She glanced down at the bottom floor. The danger from the plasma conduits had subsided since Kkeut had cut of the gasoline supply. The shields would be able to compensate for the level of heat being produced. But their bodies had no such shields.

If you don’t act, you will both die. He stopped the gasoline from coming, but the heat is still going to kill you both. Think. Thinkthinkthinkthinkthink.

Her eyes flickered around the room, and then she saw it. A long, thick, blue pipe with bold words inscribed across the middle.

Coolant.

She leaped up, feeling the heat singing her hair and making her eyes water. Raising a hand, and hoping desperately that she wouldn’t just be making things worse, she opened the electricity flow into her arm, wrist, hand, fingers, and released a straight line of lighting. It lanced out, striking its target. The metal of the pipe bubbled, then gave way, and a spray of water-like substance jetted out. The flames hissed and sputtered as the coolant tamed them, and the heat began to recede. Slowly, Gen sank to the ground beside Kkeut, and let herself lie back against the hot metal of the walkway. She closed her eyes, her heart pounding and face burning.

We made it…

She blinked against the stinking smoke, and stared in incredulity at the prone form.

Why the heck did he save me? Why did he stop the pipe?

“You make no sense.” She growled, before the world darkened.

Post #307:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, November 5th, 2014, 11:07 PM:
John straightened up, adjusting his tie and turning to look at himself in the mirror.

"You don't think this is too formal, do you?"

He, and Yukan were in their dorm room along with one other crew member, preparing for the dinner that was to be had tonight with the traders. From what he had seen of them, John had been so far unimpressed by their demeanor and appearances. The way they had acted towards Hector when he had first met them gave him pause.

But looks can be deceiving... he thought, his mind turning to Gen. Ckkela assured him that both she and Kkeut would be recovered enough to make an appearance at dinner. That is, if the Commander didn't kill them first.

What must she have been thinking? he wondered.

He was passing by his bunk when a noise caught his attention. He turned and peering under the lip of the upper bunk, then stopped in astonishment. The radio-like box which he had brought on board with him was emitting soft crackling noises, and the light on top was flickering on and off erratically. Slowly he kneeled down and placed a spidery hand on the knob on top. An arc of electricity lanced off the top and struck his hand. He turned his hand and wound the energy around his fingers, a troubled look on his face.

"That can't be right."

"What can't?" Yukan looked around the edge of the bunk, and John looked up.

"Eh? Oh, nothing," he twitched his fingers and the energy dispersed. "Its not important. Do you think this is too formal?" He frowned, plucking at the black tie and blazer.

"With this group? Maybe." Link had appeared in the door, making John jump.

"Shall we go? I saw one of them already heading down. Big guy, wore a big black fedora." he leaned in and whispered conspiratorially. "Had a bit of a mechanical look in his eyes, if you know what I mean."

"No...?" John replied in confusion, but Link was already setting off down the hall. After an amused glance at Yukan, John followed him.

(Errrrm, not the best ever, but I needed to put John somewhere [other than sleeping under a tree.])

Post #308:  Autumn Lee posted at Thursday, November 6th, 2014, 04:26 PM:
Link and Yukan both wore dress shirts and ties, but their top buttons were undone and their ties were loose. "This is as formal as I get," Link said to John and Yukan. "I might button the top if I was having dinner with, like, the Lord of the Universe."
Yukan smiled. "Well, good thing we are not visiting the Lord of the Universe. We would hate for you to have to button that top button."

They entered the dining hall, where many of the crew and traders had already gathered.
"You mentioned a black fedora?" Yukan murmured, seeing that the subject was watching them closely. "Yeah, I don't trust him... Or any of the traders, really," Link muttered, unusually serious.

Lee spotted them and stood up, waving. An Etal had modified one of their native dresses to fit Lee, and she wore it now, with her hair in a braid.
"Join me?" Link offered to John and Yukan. The Xeo-Guerran shook his head. "Ooooh, lemme guess... You're sitting with Sensa?" Link teased. Yukan smiled, and said unashamed, "The one and only."

"Well, what about you, John? Come on, don't leave me to sit by myself!" John raised an eyebrow. "Lee and Ckkela will sit with you." "No, no, I mean, like, I'll be the only guy! Girls are brutal to lonely, innocent guys!" The Zeranorian laughed. "All right, I won't leave you to the lions."

((Abby's turn! ))

Post #309:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, December 9th, 2014, 11:59 PM:
(A collab between me and Jacob. Mostly Jacob.)

“But,” Abby said, “first you’re gonna need a proper uniform. Go see Katherine, she’ll get you fitted and suited up before dinner tonight.” She glanced at the Etal’s wings and wondered how that would work out.

Ytotia just nodded eagerly again. “Yes, Commad-her!”

Abby chuckled, “Well then… get a move on soldier! Go on!” The Etal bowed, then left the room, hopping at every step.

Abby watched her leave, like a young girl at Christmas. She picked up her mug of Lady Grey and took a plentiful sip. “How long is it until dinner?”

Victoria glanced at the corner of her tablet. “About two hours.”

Bethany placed her drained mug into the sink and filled it with water.
“I’ll go and get ready, if you’ll excuse me.”

Abby nodded and finished her tea. “I’ll be getting ready as well…” She glanced at the sink, but then a thought struck her. “Bethany! Wait a sec.”

She pushed up from the table and chased after her, leaving Victoria with a half-full cup of tea and incredibly too much time to waste getting all dressed up for an evening of… Well...If Abby’s getting dressed…The times I hate being first-officer. She glanced pitifully at the swirl of tea as she rocked her hand back and forth before taking another sip. Fine. She put the mug down and turned away from the table, clutching her tablet under her elbow. The galleys halogen-lighting shutting off after a few minutes of inactivity.
__________________________________________________________________________

She looked in the mirror. The hazel-lipstick sat on the counter and her hair was done up in a round bun. Abby turned her neck to see the back, but with an unhappy sigh, resigned it to as neat as she would be able to manage on her own. What few cosmetics she had borrowed from Bethany went back into the small purse and she left her quarters on the way to meet Ytotia, Ckkela, and the rest of the crew, where they were gathering in the mess hall in the Tower.

“Commander!”

Abby released an inward groan and somehow knew she would regret turning around.

She turned around.
“Yes?”

“Uhh, it’s ah, the...”

“Mm?”

The young officer cleared his throat. “Dr. Taikunmi discovered a stra-”

“Stop.” The young man’s lips smacked shut. “Whatever it is you think that you’re about to say, don’t. Turn around, and tell whoever it is of the highest rank at the moment in whatever field it is that it’s their problem. I am, as of right now, on my way to a very important dinner concerning the future of this ship, crew and our relation to Alien-species. Do you understand?”

The officer nodded once. Abby rolled her eyes. “Then you’re dismissed.”

The young man nodded and returned to his post.

Shrugging off her feeling of complete responsibility, she turned away and walked at a brisk clip towards the mess hall.
__________________________________________________________________________

John grinned and shrugged his shoulders. “I think you could handle it. But because I am a kind and merciful friend…” He sunk into the chair next to Lee, his eyes beginning to rove around the guests seated at the table. Most of the core-crew had already arrived and were seated, talking amongst themselves and occasionally one or two of the Etal who had been favored enough to have been invited to the meal. His gaze landed on the captain of the trading ship, and his brow furrowed. There was something about him, something that he thought he recognized, or at least had seen something like in the past. After a moment, however, he shrugged and turned back to Link.

“Did you hear about what happened to Kkeut and Gen?” he began, but broke off, watching the Commander.

Abby stood up and cleared her throat, gathering all who were seated at the banqueting tables’ attention.

“First I should like to extend our gratefulness, again, towards Isosius and his tribe of Etal for taking us in and providing us with food, shelter, and the opportunity for trade with these fine gentlemen.” She smiled cordially at the company of the Nyte’s Star, and Mr. Gopp nodded curtly. One of his people cast a leery glance at the fedora sporting man, who had seated himself next to Mr. Gopp, and was currently staring intently at Abby.

“Without these supplies,” she continued. “And the aid from our Etal friends, we would have never survived. Here’s to our friends, and to the beginning of our new expedition as we seek to return home. To good will, and steady winds.”

“To good will.” The table-guests answered.

Abby looked unsure for a moment, and glanced at Isosius who leaned forward slightly and claimed his guests attention, allowing Abby to sit without embarrassment.

“My friends, please eat.” He lifted his own fork and led in example, stabbing a leaflet of lettuce and what would appear to have been a tomato. The rest of the table quickly followed and once more divulged into separate conversations.
__________________________________________________________________________

John leaned forward and stared at a large, jello-like, unappetizing green object in front of him, before cautiously poking it with one long finger.

“Are we supposed to eat it?”

Post #310:  Autumn Lee posted at Friday, January 2nd, 2015, 11:22 AM:
"Are we supposed to eat it?" John warily poked at his food. Link glanced at him. "Yeah! It's actually reavy goo," he mumbled through a mouthful of the green stuff. Lee wrinkled her nose at him. "Ew, Link, we don't want to see it in your mouth. Now it looks really gross!" Link had to resist the urge to grin widely, which would have been a green-tinted smile and rather gross.

He swallowed instead and leaned towards Ckkela. "So, what did happen to Kkeut and Gen?" he asked her. He was curious, but only a little. Link was actually trying to distract himself from the uncomfortable feeling that was slowly filling his stomach.

Over at the traders' table, the man in the fedora was carefully observing everyone. He watched first the Commander. Her eyes kept shifting to the traders. She didn't trust them as much as she pretended to, the man could tell. Abby caught his eye; he didn't look away until she did.
Then he shifted his gaze to another table. A K-Nire, a Zeranorian, and two humans. He picked up the typical electrical energy coming from the Zeranorian, and he frowned. That would make it harder to find his target. Carefully he observed the other man, the one who was joking and grinning. He picked up something, something different in the man's right eye.

He had found his target.

He shifted his gaze away, though he still kept his focus on the target. The mechanic, the cyborg.
Activating saved file. Review? He scanned through the coding in his eye. It was satisfactory. Send file? He glanced back at the mechanic.
Sending... Sending... File sent.
"Sorry, kid," he muttered to himself; but it was a lie.

Incoming file. Receive? Link broke off in the middle of a sentence, blinking in confusion. A file? From where? File origin: Code ER58236. He stared into space. That code meant the message was from the Republic. But how? He heard the others asking him if he was alright.
Receive file? What could the file be? Had the Republic managed to contact them at last?
Some part of him, that uncomfortable feeling that had been growing in his stomach, told him not to open it. But what if it was important?
He made his decision - they'd been stranded too long. He had to open it.
Receiving file... Opening file.
VIRUS DETECTED. ACTIVATING DEFENSE PROGRAM. VIRUS DETECTED. ACTIVATI--
Greetings from the Empire.

The world went black.

Post #311:  Imogen posted at Saturday, January 3rd, 2015, 08:16 PM:
"Yeah! It's actually reavy goo," he mumbled through a mouthful of the green stuff. 

"Eughhhh!" John made a choking noise and began filling his plate with what looked like beef and a strange, airy, crackling, fish-like substance. He sniffed the liquid in his fluted glass, then recoiled and took a swig of water.
"Hm, the Traders must've brought the alcohol," he muttered to Lee, white tuning into Ckkela and Link's conversation.

"So, what did happen to Kkeut and Gen?" Link was asking. Ckkela shrugged, gnawing thoughtfully on a bone.

"They're not quite sure... As far as I can get from the guards, Gen came down to Kkeut's cell and started taunting him, lowered the barrier and started fighting him. Somehow that got to Engineering and completely ruined it, bashed one another about, and are now as thick as thieves." She shrugged and slicked back her ears, rolling her big brown eyes. "Search me how it happened. I still can't quite grasp it."

"Well, hopefully they'll keep one another in check," Link said with a laugh.

"That is, unless they just make one another worse..." John said, running rubbing the back of his head and staring dubiously at her before shrugging it off with a half-smile. "Ah well, guess it can't get any worse than it already is, eh?" He turned to Link, but the Mechanic wasn't listening. He was sitting rigidly in his place, staring with a vacancy that disturbed and alarmed the lanky Pilot.
"Link?"
No response.
"Liiiiiink?" He poked him, "You ok?"
Ckkela frowned and leaned towards him, passing a law in front of his face.
"Can you hear me, Link?"

He blinked and looked at them, then a smile spread across his face....

Post #312:  Titus2teen posted at Sunday, January 4th, 2015, 09:12 PM:
(Imogen, any changes you want to make you can)

Sunlight cascaded downward onto Kkeut's face, forcing his eyes into a squint. His hand came up slowly to block the unwelcome light from his eyes. He propped himself up against the cool damp grass under him, a welcome contrast to the burn from under the bandage on his side, and the various other scrapes he found he had. Eyes adjusting to the light, things started to come into focus.

"...told you I'm fine, so stop poking and scanning me." Gen was sitting against a tree, looking very annoyed as a medic was trying his best to make sure she was okay. Gen looked at him, and smiled. "Hey, go make sure he's okay."

Kkeut's eyelids narrowed into a glare. The medic walked over to Kkeut, flipping open his scanner. "You so much as scan me, touch me, or invade my personal space in any way, and I will string up from that tree by your hair."

The medic slowly put his scanner back and backed away. "I-uh, I should probably notify-uhm, s-someone that you're finally awake."

Kkeut rolled over, smiling inside. There was no way he could'eve done that at that moment, his powers were still burned.

Gen grinned mischievously. "He was only trying to help."

"I don't like being scanned either." Can the reply from Kkeut's back. 

Gen stared at the back of his head. "Would you actually have strung him up?"

Kkeut was silent for a moment or two. "Thanks for pulling me out, however you did it. I couldn't have saved those people by myself."

Gen stared harder, trying to see into Kkeut's brain. His reasoning didn't make any sense. She could understand acting on impulse, but Kkeut was just so... off. She was still mad at him, and still wanted to fight him. He was, after all, still guilty. Then again, when they fought, he didn't seem as bad or evil as a mass murderer...

"If you want, after I wake up again, we can have a round two in a better suited area." Kkeut voiced out behind him.

Why did it feel like he was try to make friends with the people he'd just attacked? It didn't make any sense. After a minute or more of silent thoughts, Gen frowned. "You still didn't answer my question."

No reply came. She waited. Still no reply. Just Kkeut's steady breathing, back and forth, in and out. She slowly slid herself up the tree to a standing position, peeking over Kkeut's body. He had fallen back asleep. The thought of how can he sleep that much began to enter into Gen's mind when she was interrupted.

"Hey, you're not supposed to be standing yet!" 

Gen smiled. "Are you a sight for sore eyes..."

-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-

"I hear the stranger that snuck onboard saved a bunch of people while fighting that electric alien woman."

"You mean the one with the dreamy hair?" Heather asked.

"Yeah, that one." Gina replied. "Someone from engineering says he's the reason were out here in the first place."

"I'd believe he caused it." Heather stated matter-of-factly. "I think he's done a lot of things."

Gina snorted in disbelief. "How do you figure? You talk to him or something?"

"No. With some people, you can just tell. He looks like some sort of hunter-fighter-brilliant-mysterious-person-come-from-a-distant-place." 

"With dreamy hair." Gina laughed, making Heather giggle.

"I'm just saying, his hair is amazing, it's like perfect all the time. I need to ask him what he uses."

"Yeah, totally! Either way, if he really did save those people, maybe he should get a better deal or something."

The door opened abruptly, their friend, one of the engineers, walking in. "He did too save those people(Me included), He does too have perfect hair(Throughout the entire ordeal, though the lightning woman's hair is so cool and needle like), and he is indeed quite a character." Heather and Gina applauded this statement. Their friend then added, "And he deserves every bit of whatever is coming to him."

"Aaaawww." The girls said simultaneously. 

"And you girls need to get back to work." He told them. "You have your crazy friend to thank for that."

"Yeah, that's not cool." Heather said.

"So not cool." Gina agreed. "We'll take that up with him. He deserves at least a slap."

"Totally. So wouldn't tell him what time of day it was." Heather agreed, walking out the door with her friend.

The engineer laughed. "Those two are something else..."

Post #313:  Autumn Lee posted at Saturday, January 24th, 2015, 01:25 PM:
((Food fight!))

"Liiiiiink?" John poked him, "You OK?"

Ckkela frowned and leaned towards him, passing a law in front of his face.
"Can you hear me, Link?"

He blinked and looked at them, then a smile spread across his face.

"Yeah, I'm good! Actually, I had an idea: Why don't we go hang with those traders?" He didn't give them an opportunity to reply; he practically jumped out of his seat and started heading over for the traders' table.
Lee exchanged curious glances with John and Ckkela. "Um... Maybe we should go with him, so he doesn't get in trouble...?"

Link was already causing a distraction. He'd pushed one guy aside and was sitting across from the man in the fedora. "Yo, so who's the man in charge?" Mr. Gopp frowned. "That would be me," he growled, clearly not liking the young man. Link just grinned. "Right, right! Your name is... Don't tell me! Um, er... Goop? Right?" Mr. Gopp's frown deepened. He didn't get a chance to correct Link. "Yeah, Goop! So, Goop, I wanted to know where you got all your stuff. I mean, like, I saw some of it had numbers scratched off. So you guys are illegal traders, right?"

"Link!" Lee hissed intently now. She had been listening dumbly. What had gotten into Link? He was acting odd...er, than usual. "Back off, Link," agreed John.
They didn't notice the fedora man was watching also, very intently, with a small, barely noticeable smile. Objective: Initiate a fight.

Some of the traders were grumbling and glaring. Link plowed on recklessly. "Yeah, illegal, and totally expensive! It's a good thing we're pretty much desperate, or we'd never take those parts at such a high price! Humph, illegal traders... Thieves, really!"

Fighting broke out then. Link was sitting between two traders; they both pushed him off his chair. Mr. Gopp stood up and growled. "Are you tryin' to be funny, kid?!" Link stumbled up and grinned. "Hey, I'm always funny!" The two traders swung at him, but he ducked and pushed one of them onto the table. Lee squealed, and food went flying, and everyone started shouting.

The hall was a chaotic mess after that. Everyone was clamoring to see, or run away, or fight; shouting, screaming, and Link laughing. The man in the fedora stood up and carefully retreated. Objective completed. Program functional.

And suddenly Link could see again, and what he saw was a fist coming towards his face. "What the--!?" The world went black again.

Post #314:  Imogen posted at Saturday, April 4th, 2015, 05:08 PM:
"Yeah, I'm good! Actually, I had an idea: Why don't we go hang with those traders?"

What? John stared at him, then glanced at the traders. "Er, Link, are you sure thats a good--" but he was already gone.

"Um... Maybe we should go with him, so he doesn't get in trouble...?" Lee suggested. John rose quickly and followed her.

Link was already creating a distraction--or was this a mess in the making? John just stared, open-mouthed, as Link first shoved one of the hefty traders out of the way, and then began grotesquely insulting their captain, and then accusing them of theft--probably true, but under the circumstances, completely unnecessary.

"Link!" Lee hissed.

"Back off, Link," John said, taking a step towards him. Everyone was glaring at them. Commander Abby looked especially furious. Oooooh, this is not going to end well...

Despite their warnings, Link kept talking.

"Yeah, illegal, and totally expensive! It's a good thing we're pretty much desperate, or we'd never take those parts at such a high price! Humph, illegal traders... Thieves, really!"

The first thing that happened was Link was shoved off of his chair by two burly, tattooed traders who looked furious. Captain Gopp stood up from his chair, his fists planted on the table. "Are you tryin' to be funny, kid?!"
Link was back up in a heartbeat.

"Hey, I'm always funny!" he cried, and the two traders swung at him.

Link's gone insane. In one fluid movement, John leaped the table, his long legs carrying him where a human couldn't have jumped. He crashed into the other trader--Link had shoved the first one into the table--and the two of them went down, kicking and punching and, in John's case, electrocuting.

A meat pie slapped the Zeranorian in the back of the head, and he was momentarily blinded shaking it off--too late he realized that he was open as the trader's fist came up to meet his face. He was nocked back sprawling onto the floor, dizzy and reeling from the impact. He felt a heavy weight come down in the middle of his chest, and opened his eyes to see a large boot, just as the wind whooshed from his lungs. Choking and gasping for breath, he doubled up, but the trader was not going to relent. He swung again, this time hitting the Zeranorian in the shoulder. John cried out, and, reaching out, grasped the trader's leg in both hands. Electricity crackled from his veins and snaked up the man's leg and over his body. 

He shouted and fell back against the table, knocking a number of cakes and pies to the ground, one of which landed in the middle of John's back. The pilot crawled to his hands and knees, then crawled under the table to catch his breath--a moment which didn't last long, since seconds later the table toppled with a crash. He staggered up and darted towards where he could see the Commander standing, trying to bring order to the chaos. His head was splitting with pain, but otherwise aside from the bruises he had received, he was all right.

Protect the Commander. Some of these traders could turn nasty--some of them are.

"Everyone, SIT DOWN NOW!" She shouted, and some of the fighters turned to look at her, dropping their fists, or, in the case of Gen, their large toasting knives.

John turned to look around at who was still fighting, ran into a large pillar, and everything went dark.

-  +  -

"Uhhhh, who put that stone there?" He opened his eyes onto bright hospital light, and a canine face.

"Oh, don't move. You hit your head--need stitches, I think."

His eyes snapped open, but even that hurt. Raising a hand, he pressed the palm to his temple and scrunched up his eyes.

"Commander--Link? What? Is everyone all right?"

Ckkela had moved away, and was standing at someone else's bed. John sat up halfway and looked around, fighting the migraine. His eyes widened. It looked as if half the crew were crammed in the medical bay. "Commander's going to kill him..."

"She might not have to." Ckkela said. Link was lying on the cot, looking far more peaceful than when John last saw him. The Zeranorian narrowed his eyes and squinted at the Mechanic. There seemed nothing different about him. What had prompted this change?

He slumped back into his cot and stared up at the ceiling. It's just one thing after another...

Post #315:  Imogen posted at Friday, April 10th, 2015, 11:31 AM:
It's just one thing after another...

He couldn't know it, but it was about to get worse. The doors slid open, and the commander walked in, followed closely by  Captain Gopp.

"--a disgrace, it's outrageous! I've never been so insulted in my life! Might as well take back my offer, Commander Gorgonzola!"

"Gonzalez," Commander Abby corrected wearily. "I'm very sorry for my crew's behavior. I'm not sure what got into them."

"Humph," snorted Gopp, with some satisfaction. "Can't hold their liquor, thats what. Goes right to their heads, jus' like on all fleet ships."

The Commander didn't answer. John glanced at them out of the corner of his eyes. Abby and Gopp were standing in between Link's bed and his own.

"I'm sure," Abby said quietly, watching the mechanic. John could almost hear her wondering what had happened, what had gotten into Link. He was never this crazy!

"We're leaving now," Gopp was saying, "and don't expect us to help you put the ship together. We're only letting you keep the parts because we've got another deal in the next system, an' need the space, see?" He stared at her, waiting for a reply, then spat on the floor at her feet and marched away.
Abby sighed and sagged. How much more of this would there be?

"Commander!" John hissed, making her jump. She turned.
"John?"
He sat up. "We are almost finished with the ship--just have about an hour's work left before liftoff is possible--just wanted to let you know." His threats were empty, really.
She smiled and nodded. "Thank you, Mister Turner. I'll--"

"Commander Abby?"

Both of them turned in surprise. John's jaw dropped. In the doorway stood the fedora-clad man from dinner, dressed in a clean new suit, and holding a large trunk in one hand.

"I am Bade. I am--was, one of the traders. I wondered if I might have a word?"

John stared. There was something not quite right here. He stretched out his mind, and came up against a brick wall. Bade's eye twitched, and he cast an annoyed glance in John's direction.

"What is it?" Abby asked.

The former trader placed the trunk on the ground and strode forward, weaving between the cots and stopping a few feet away from the Commander.
"I don't like the way Gopp treats us--or his clients. It's not right. I saw the way he was treating you and your crew, and that was the last straw. I'm done being a trader, but... I have no ship. I believe you are slightly short on crew? I could be quite useful."

John's eyes flickered from Bade, to Abby. He could see from the way she narrowed her eyes and frowned, that she was considering it. He frowned back at Bade. Something wasn't right here, something wasn't right at all...

Post #316:  Autumn Lee posted at Friday, April 10th, 2015, 12:05 PM:
((Nice use of Bade! Very nice!))

Sent from my Sky 3.5

Post #317:  Imogen posted at Friday, April 10th, 2015, 12:06 PM:
(Hurrah! Glad I got him--wasn't sure)


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk

Post #318:  Autumn Lee posted at Saturday, April 11th, 2015, 08:51 PM:
"I am Bade. I am--was, one of the traders. I wondered if I might have a word?"

Both the Commander and the Zeranorian stared. Bade felt something try to enter his mind; his eye twitched, and he cast an annoyed glance in John's direction.

"What is it?" Abby asked.

The former trader placed the trunk on the ground and strode forward, weaving between the cots and stopping a few feet away from the Commander.
"I don't like the way Gopp treats us--or his clients. It's not right. I saw the way he was treating you and your crew, and that was the last straw. I'm done being a trader, but... I have no ship. I believe you are slightly short on crew? I could be quite useful."

He could see from the way the Commander narrowed her eyes and frowned, that she was considering it. "What do you have to recommend yourself?" she asked. Bade nodded and turned back to his trunk. "I have something you will find useful," he told her as he opened it and rummaged through. A moment later, he pulled out what looked like a blue floppy disc. "This is a map of the surrounding region. It doesn't quite cover the whole area between here and your own familiar corners of the universe, but it should help you find your way."

Abby seemed torn between jumping to grab the disc and throwing it out. The traders -and former traders- had never truly earned her trust, and she was reluctant to believe him.
Before she could reply, there came a groan from Link's cot.

Ckkela had been quiet during the exchange between Bade and the Commander. At the noise from Link, she dutifully rushed to his cot. His eyes were open and bleary. "Why... does my head hurt so much?" he groaned. "A punch to the face usually hurts, Link," Ckkela chided. She checked his eyes. "Tell me how you are feeling."

"Um... Other than my hea--Wait, I was punched in the face?" Link sat up and looked around, total confusion on his face. Why was he in the infirmary? He thought back to his last memory.

His face became more and more confused and worried. "What is it?" asked Ckkela. The others had turned their attention to the mechanic and were watching. "I don't remember," Link said, his voice a little off.
"Amnesia is a normal result of a blow to the head," Ckkela reassured him. But he shook his head. "No, no--I never forget anything. My brain-it's a computer, right? It stores all my memories. But there's a gap..."

Link frowned, searching through his memory banks again.
Data for time 19.26-19.30 not found.
Nothing, nothing, nothing.

"You are the cyborg mechanic, aren't you?" said Bade quietly. Link looked up and nodded, wondering why the fedora-wearing trader was here. He looked grave. "Computers gets viruses. Maybe you have one?"
"Maybe, but my scanners should tell me... Let me check..."
Scanning for viruses...
No viruses found.
Link shook his head. "There's just... nothing." He looked around at them with worried green eyes. "Um, so, anyone want to tell me what I did for four minutes that got me punched in the face?"

Post #319:  Imogen posted at Saturday, April 11th, 2015, 09:13 PM:
Link shook his head. "There's just... nothing." He looked around at them with worried green eyes. "Um, so, anyone want to tell me what I did for four minutes that got me punched in the face?"

John looked nervously at his friend, then back at the Commander and Bade--what was it about that man?!--then back at Link, squinting at him out of one heavily bruised eye.

"Well, for starters you insanely offended the traders, started the biggest food fight I've ever seen, and got just about a third of the crew pretty bashed up." John shrugged, a half grin flickering across his face. "Aside from that, not much."

How could Link have lost memory?! I thought that was impossible, unless Gen fried him...

Link was staring at him in horror, his jaw hanging open and his eye wide. The commander looked confused, and Bade looked strangely calm.
Ckkela was speaking quietly to Link.

"You've got to rest, lie down, now."

"One third of the crew?!?!"

"John was kidding," she said, shooting a glare at the pilot. John winced. Maybe I shouldn't have gone off my rocket...

"Only a few got knocked around, and John only got hurt because he ran into a pole."

John snorted, grinned, and rubbed the back of his neck.

"You're in."
John turned around. The Commander was shaking Bade's hand, John stared, his frown deepening.
Bade met his eyes, and his eyes narrowed. John raised an eyebrow, and after a moment, Bade turned away.

I don't trust him. Not one bit. There's something... Something not right....

Post #320:  Willow Skyrider posted at Saturday, April 11th, 2015, 11:15 PM:
"Well, it's certainly something I've never seen before." Taikunmi chuckled to himself, How many people actually get to say that? He gripped the piece of metal hanging from the wall and hauled himself up from two floors below the engine room. "Have you spoken with the Etal?" The suit was heavier than he thought it would be... At least the techs hadn't been slacking on their task. Most of their vital systems were back online and more were coming on by the hour.
Delvin nodded. "They told us that whatever it was, isn't indigenous."
"I'm sorry, I've always been horrible with that word..." He stretched and grabbed the ledge that he had missed on his way down, his backside still smarted from that landing.

"They say it's not from here, that it had to have been transported."
Taik tilted his head, looking up at him. "Via ship? Like those traders the commander was supposed to be talking to?"
The mechanic nodded. "The Etal don't want to exactly point fingers, but they are the main-suspects."
"For good reason, I'm sure..." He got himself situated onto the level below the engine. "You said it was... breathing?"
Delvin nodded. "Before I poked it."

Typical. Taikunmi thought. "Then what?"
"Then it turned green and started dripping this puss, it melted my favorite wrench and obviously the hole you're standing in."
Taik nodded thoughtfully. It was difficult at best to try and understand alien organisms, but he tried his best as he stared at the punctured chrysalis dangling from the crossbeam.

"It looks like it could have been a creature, which I suppose should make us count ourselves lucky that you came along and poked it." He shone the flashlight down the hole. The ooze had melted through the electrical for those floor's lighting, but thankfully the lights above were still working. "The ironic part is that it looks like whatever it may have been got put out by it's own birthing-juices." He sat down on the ledge and put his legs over the edge.
"That just makes it even more interesting."

Delvin rolled his eyes. "Scientists." He muttered to himself.
"Venus-flytraps?"
Delvin looked at him. "What?"
"What?"
"Nevermind. Are we finished?"
"Radio to Science and ask them to come collect as many samples as they can, and then tell them to irradiate the area, just to make sure that thing didn't leave any presents for our future enjoyment."
Delvin nodded and unbuckled his radio, making the call.
"Oh, and make sure you get yourself checked-out as well." Taik said, getting up. "I'm going to go file some reports and then report to the Commander." He reached for the footing and climbed up out of the hole.
Delvin nodded and pushed transmit. "Science, this is Delvin Ray down in Engine Room Three..." He offered a hand towards Taik and helped pull him up.
"I need a team down here to collect samples..."
---

"Uhh..." the poor medic staring at Guardian was at a loss for words.
"Yes?" Guardian asked patiently.
"Hi, uh-h'im-h'err..."
"Would it be easier if you wrote it down?"
"Uhm, Kkuet and Gen are awake, they're sitting out by a tree resting."
Guardian wished for eyebrows. "So?"
"I was told to inform a ranking-superior when they were awake."
Why me? "Very well, return to your other duties."
The man saluted smartly and left just as quickly, leaving Guardian contemplating whether he should pass this information on, or go see to the matter himself. Seeing as there was no one readily available to pass it on, he decided that he would go. As soon as he had finished this chapter.
---
"You still didn't answer my question."

No reply came. She waited. Still no reply. Just Kkeut's steady breathing, back and forth, in and out. She slowly slid herself up the tree to a standing position, peeking over Kkeut's body. He had fallen back asleep. The thought of how can he sleep that much began to enter into Gen's mind when she was interrupted.

"Hey, you're not supposed to be standing yet!"
Gen smiled. "Are you a sight for sore eyes..."

Editing to be done here.

"What happened..." Gen tried to blink her eyes open, but with the drugs in her system, it was like trying to blink seashells instead of eyes.
"That was nearly two hours ago." Guardian observed across the small medical room. 
Kkuet groaned from his personal bed only a short distance from Gen's. "Wha?"

"Kkuet saved you both from the broken pipe expelling toxic fumes into the service-way you were fighting in. He dragged you out into a main-walkway and sent a signal through the ship. That's how the emergency squad found you and carried you in here. They controlled the leak and have another team working to repair the damage, but in the meantime Ckkela asked me in to watch you both while she is with the Commander for dinner."

Gen laid her head against the pillow, her hair billowing under head uncomfortably. She tenderly pulled her right arm out from the covers with a wince and smoothed it out. She managed to squint her eyes open and got a glance at Guardian sitting in a chair obviously two-times small for him looking at her in the same way a concerned parent might... or else she was still loopy from the drugs and / or hallucinating the whole thing.

"Thank you... Kkuet."
He wheezed. "I want ...a rematch, it... didn't end fairly..."
She chuckled. "Sure it didn't..."
Guardian watched as they both slowly returned to their sleep and resumed his studies of the medical history of that long-lost planet, "earth".

Post #321:  Willow Skyrider posted at Thursday, April 16th, 2015, 10:01 PM:
Commander's log, Astrodate Twelve-Oh-Oh-Forty-One, first day of the month of Decambria. Abigail Gonzalez, Commanding Officer of the recently refurbished exploratory science vessel, The Outsider.

First off, we finished the Outsider's repairs on the planet Etalpalli and thanked the Etal's chief, Isosius for his unwarranted hospitality and his efforts in helping us acquire the means to repair our Outsider. While stationed on Etalpalli we made the acquaintance of a group of shady Space-Traders under the command of a man named Gopp, these were the men who sold to us the parts necessary for our repairs. One of these traders, Bade, requested that he be admitted into our crew, his given reason was that he failed to agree with Mr. Gopp's intentions and wanted to be rid of him. He seems to be an able-bodied crewman, and offered to share with us a digitally printed map declaring the surrounding regions, as well as a possible route back to Earth.

After considerations, his request was granted and he was admitted into our ranks and quickly integrated himself into the family of sorts that we've had to create in the past year and a half. All crew members are healthy and accounted for, excluding the ones we lost on behalf of our crash, approximately fifteen in total. We learned the cause of our crash to have been one of many skirmishes. Isosius informed us of an intergalactic power-struggle between the two factions he called the "Empire" and the "Rebels". We are gathering more information about these factions, but it seems that neither side would be readily willing to offer us assistance in our plight.

"Too busy trying to kill each other." Abigail thought.

In addition to Bade joining our crew, Isosius' daughter, Ytotia also asked to come with us. She was as excited as I was when I got my first bicycle and rode to our mailbox at the end of the driveway when I said that she could. She's been nothing but an excellent addition to our crew, and the group loves her. Her English has improved greatly, but some of the men still tease her when she gets excited and her accent shows through. As a personal note, I prefer when it does, it's good to have that kind of a voice echoing the hallways.

She clicked the recorder again and thought, trying to remember if there was anything else to mention. Of course.

During the dinner with Isosius and Gopp's men, Link lost his senses and went after the group. A brawl, of sorts, broke out and afterwards he couldn't remember a thing about it. Guardian, er, AntiCure's physical incarnation, took a medical examination of him but couldn't find a thing wrong with him. We're assuming it was some sort of a power glitch, though the rumors suggest that one of the traders could have put something into his drink, or food. He's been stable since then, so most agree that whatever it was is gone. Speaking of AntiCure, after The Outsider was fully online and prepared for flight, he transferred himself back into the ship's database, and Guardian was put into a specially-designed 'cabinet' for safekeeping. I sorta miss the big lug, and it's eerie to have his voice in my room without the tin-can physically being here.

Doctor Taikunmi discovered a deceased alien-being in our engineering bay, and has been experimenting with what he could recover from it. So far it hasn't given us anything tangible in terms of scientific advancement, but it is the first specimen that we have from this region of space. He's very intrigued by it, apparently the larvae are insulated in a pouch of acid, for protection or some other reason we aren't sure but he says that he has a theory.

Gen and Kkuet still go at each other at times, but it seems that they're getting along a little easier lately. Who knew that getting caught in an exploding hallway could have such a positive effect on some people...

Again, she mentally rewound through the events and felt that she had covered basically everything that needed to be covered. She clicked the recorder off after stating her required, "Commander Abby signing off" and stretched her tired arms out. It was time for her shut-eye, and she was sure that Victoria was doing a great job sitting in her comfy chair. She snuggled into her cot, set the lights to a soft dim and shut her eyes.

One more day passed, and tomorrow they would be off.

Post #322:  Imogen posted at Thursday, April 16th, 2015, 11:46 PM:
One more final, agonizing, day.

Just about everyone on the bridge probably really hates me by now... John thought to himself, swinging his squeaky chair back and forth, back and forth, and fiddling rather loudly and even, if he might say so himself, annoyingly, with the controls. He cast a furtive glance over his shoulder, caught the menacing glare of his sister and her new cohort, Kkeut, and turned around very quickly.

How they had become "friends", John would never be able to understand. Something about busting up engineering and saving one another, directly after a double attack of attempted murder. All fun and games, John, all fun and games.

The chair kept squeaking, and the clock kept ticking. When were they leaving?! The supplies should be loaded by now, there couldn't be anything holding them back. The odd thought occurred to him that this was exactly the same way he had felt when leaving from the Earthen space dock, only this launch would be far harder, and the future presumably fraught with far greater dangers. Why was he so excited then?

Because it's a launch! A fling into the great unknown! And its not like we're going alone... His thoughts inadvertently flashed back to the goodbye to the Etals--tearful, joyful, painful as it was. The worst had been to watch Ytotia part with her father. He closed his eyes and frowned, trying to banish the thought. At least they wouldn't have to say goodbye to her, anyway.

After the crew had recovered from the dinner party, it had been all hands on deck to get the ship finalized and in shape. John had been here all day and all night since the final preparations had begun--possibly not such a wise decision, being the pilot, but the ship's electricity had come back on some days ago, so he had been syphoning off of that to keep himself active. Gen and Kkeut had been off doing who knew what, probably assisting move the "creature" Dellvin and Taik had found in engineering. John shuddered. Some toxic alien being in his ship!

Ckkela was currently hovering around the bridge, checking the med-kits, and looking as if she felt sure that something was going to go wrong as soon as the ship left the ground. The pilot frowned. She was probably right. Such extensive repairs had never been done to a fleet ship off-world without the proper resources, as far as he knew, and as far as he knew, although the ship's crew was admirably dedicated, anything could go wrong. There were just too many variables. His frown deepened and he looked out the view screen. He had been so prepared to die, when they were crashing. He and Gen had left everything--they had nothing left to live for except their mission, and even that wasn't much. Yet here there were so many things--people--so full of life. It would only make their final decision harder, he knew, but when it came down to it, to completing their goal and losing all this, or risking the lives of everyone aboard this crew, he knew he'd go for what he had here, every time.

A smile crossed his face, and he laid his hands across the console. He had made his decision, and he knew that his sister would, despite all her gruffness, agree and follow him. They were not going to involve the outsider crew in the mission--not in any of it. That he was sure of.

"Mister Turner!"

He swiveled his chair, which emitted a pained, high-pitched, drawn-out squeal that made even he cringe. The Commander looked down at him with one eyebrow raised, and a slightly amused smile on her face. "We've been here long enough. Lets head home. Bring us out, Mister Turner."

John nodded, licked his lips, turned the chair with one final squeal, and faced the helm and the world outside. There was the city to take into account, and the trees, and that mountain range on the horizon, and he couldn't forget--

John! If you don't launch right now, then so help me I'm going to come down there and do it for you. Gen snapped.

John immediately hunched over the console and began inputting data.

"Course laid, Cap'n! Ready for launch!"

Commander Abby nodded. "Take her away."

Taking a deep breath, and hoping the ship would hold together, John plunged down the thrusters and pulled back on the helm. The engines roared to life beneath their feet, making the deck shake. John gritted his teeth and removed docking clamps, disengaged landing gear, and punched in the liftoff thrust. The ship rose gently off the ground, then, at his direction, turned and gathered speed, heading towards the mountains. The Etal city rose up before them, and the pilot pulled back viscously on the helm, just barely missing a head-on collision. They were leveling off now--the Etals waving goodbye were no more than tiny specks on the ground. He could still see the trees that caught them the first time as just a green blur. He smiled in satisfaction. Good. They were ready.

"Engaging impulse drive."

If we survive this, I'll do the cha cha in the middle of the mess hall. He said, nervously pushing his glasses up his nose. Gen laughed, and Kkeut looked at her out of the corners of his eyes.

I'm holding you to that!

He took a deep breath, and glanced down at the impulse drive lever. Now or never. Here goes nothing.

Squeezing his eyes shut, he slammed his palm against the lever, pushing it all the way to maximum. The ship bucked, the engines coughed, roared, then died to a happy purr. The planet spun away from them and the light faded as they rocketed up into the outer reaches of space. One by one, the stars began to appear. John watched them, a happy, slightly soppy smile on his face. They'd made it.

They were on their way.

(Next time, on Battle-Core of the Outsider:

Survival or death in the cold, dark arms of outer space? Will Commander Abby manage to keep her ship together in the face of certain demise? Will Kkeut and Gen be able to resolve their issues and work with the crew and one another? Will Link find the answers to his rather bizarre problems? Will Ckkela find true love? Will Lee find the perfect cookie dough recipe? Will Guardian solve his existential crises? Will the Continuity ever meet the Outsider? Find out next time on... B-C OTO! Dun dun dun, DUNDUN!)

Post #323:  Willow Skyrider posted at Thursday, April 16th, 2015, 11:52 PM:
(*And now for a brief commercial break and following that a short Cha-Cha number performed by the one, the only; JOHNN TUUURRNNEEERRRR.*)

Post #324:  Imogen posted at Thursday, April 16th, 2015, 11:54 PM:
(John can really burn the dance shoes when his life is on the line...)

Post #325:  Autumn Lee posted at Friday, April 17th, 2015, 06:59 AM:
-Will Ckkela find true love? Sounds like a job for me, the one and only Link   -

Sent from my not-so-smartphone

Post #326:  Missymoo posted at Saturday, April 18th, 2015, 05:41 PM:
By the way what happens to Breezy now?

Post #327:  Imogen posted at Saturday, April 18th, 2015, 07:31 PM:
(Whatever you want it to--most likely she would join the Outsider Crew! ;D)

Post #328:  Missymoo posted at Tuesday, April 21st, 2015, 04:52 AM:
Please may you help me get a post together Imogen?

Post #329:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, April 21st, 2015, 09:54 AM:
(Sure thing! Do you have a Google plus account?)

Post #330:  Missymoo posted at Wednesday, April 22nd, 2015, 03:02 AM:
No I'm afraid not, but my family does have Skype.

Post #331:  Imogen posted at Monday, May 4th, 2015, 04:40 PM:
(We could collab on a post through the skype comments, if you want!)

Post #332:  Imogen posted at Monday, May 4th, 2015, 11:25 PM:
John sighed, sitting back, closing his eyes, and tilting his head as far back as it could go without his glasses falling off.

"Comfortable?" Link asked with a laugh.

The two of them were sitting in the mess hall, in the cozy chairs by the fake fire. John took a deep breath and then chuckled, stretching his long legs.
"You don't know how cramped it gets, sitting at the helm on a long shift..."

"You'd better believe its pretty bad in the walls, fixing the mechanics!"

John laughed. "I bet it is!"

Lee nudged him in the shoulder, and he opened his eyes and looked up, still smiling. Her upside-down face looked down at him, and a bowl of hot soup appeared in his line of sight.
"Your orders?"

John leaped up straight and reached out, taking ahold of the two bowls of soup. "Lee, you're a lifesaver! Ow! Ow! Hot!" He put them down on the little side table, and patted the squishy chair next to him. "Join us?"

Post #333:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, May 5th, 2015, 09:30 AM:
Ahhhh, time to relax!

Link had been hard at work ever since the Outsider took off, making sure everything, absolutely everything, worked correctly. This was the first break he'd had since their departure from Etalpalli. But even now Link was going through lists in his mind. Did I check...? Oh, yeah. Ok, what about...?

Lee had barely convinced her cousin to come down to the mess hall to eat. Though he tried to brush it off, Lee could tell he was bothered by his blackout from before. It was though he had to make sure everything in the ship worked, to maintain some semblance of still working perfectly himself.

Along the way Link had invited John. Now they sat in front of the fake fire in the easy chairs, sitting stretched out and with no cares. Mostly. But you never could escape cares completely, could you? For now, most of them were gone for both. It was just hanging out, watching the mesmerizing fire.

Lee nudged John, whose eyes were contentedly closed. He opened his eyes and looked up, smiling at her upside-down. His glasses were almost falling off, and Lee had the urge to fix them, except her hands were full.
"Your orders?"

John leaped up straight and reached out for the two bowls of soup she held. "Lee, you're a lifesaver! Ow! Ow! Hot!" Lee giggled as he quickly set them on the little side table and shook her head slightly, smiling. "Of course it's hot, I just made it."
The Zeranorian patted the squishy chair next to him. "Join us?"

She hesitated, looking back at the mess hall. It wasn't very busy... But for some reason she felt odd about sitting next to John. It wasn't that she didn't like him -- actually, it was the opposite. Lee had always felt very interested in the alien; his personality was so kind and engaging. Sometimes Lee felt like opening up more than she usually did, when she was around him, but that scared her a little, and so she was nervous to join them.

"Yeah, take your own advice and take a break, Lee!" Link urged. Not wanting to be rude, she complied and sat down. The chair was squishier than she expected, and she sunk down into it with a slight squeak of surprise.

Post #334:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, May 5th, 2015, 10:09 AM:
John watched her curiously. She seemed hesitant, almost... embarrassed? He glanced down at himself. Had he spilled something on his shirt? Nope. He looked back up, confusion in his eyes. But Link spoke for him.

"Yeah, take your own advice and take a break, Lee!"

So she sat. No one could really refuse Link, John thought with a flickering smile. The chair gave a loud squeak, and John stifled a laugh. He turned away and quickly picked up his soup, taking a large spoonful. He stopped, leaned back, and closed his eyes blissfully.

"Mmmmm!" he chewed delightedly, savoring the taste, opening his eyes and casting them ceiling ward. "Lee... I don't... I can't... this is..."

"Its chicken noodle soup, bro," Link said with a laugh, and John sighed.

"Ah, the glorious and famed "chicken", of which, reportedly, everything tastes..." he frowned, "who said that, anyway, cause I've never tasted anything like chicken before--not on Zeranor, anyway..."

"Your planet must be sadly deprived!"

John waved a hand. "Yeah, well we have some thinks like... Kikara--which is a kind of electric fish... reminds me of your electric eels? Kikara is good... especially with gravy, and human morel mushrooms...." he cleared his throat and straightened up, looking slightly self conscious. "Anyway. How have things been in Engineering, and here in the Mess hall? It feels good to be back in the air, eh?"

Post #335:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, May 5th, 2015, 05:15 PM:
Lee smiled at John's wonder over the chicken noodle soup. There were so many curious things about aliens, that she forgot that she and her ways were curious also to them.

"Ah, the glorious and famed 'chicken', of which, reportedly, everything tastes..." John frowned, "Who said that, anyway, cause I've never tasted anything like chicken before--not on Zeranor, anyway..."
"Your planet must be sadly deprived!" Link said, thoroughly enjoying his own soup.

John waved a hand. "Yeah, well we have some things like... Kikara--which is a kind of electric fish... reminds me of your electric eels? Kikara is good... especially with gravy, and human morel mushrooms...." He cleared his throat and straightened up, looking slightly self conscious. "Anyway. How have things been in Engineering, and here in the Mess hall? It feels good to be back in the air, eh?"

Link slurped a noodle into his mouth and wiped his face with his sleeve. Lee made a face at this, but he just grinned at her. "All's good in Engineering! I've been making sure everything is running tip-top! Unless we run through another electrical storm, this ship will get us home, and with energy left to go more!" He pointed his spoon at John. "So keep us steered away from anything suspicious, eh?"

John raised his hands defensively. "Hey, that was our mission!" Link shrugged and downed the rest of his soup.
The Zeranorian knew better than to pursue an argument with Link. He looked at Lee. "How's it been here?"

"Oh, er, good..." she said, brushing her hair back. That was kind of just her standard response, though. There'd been nothing bad, no, in the Mess Hall. Lee was kept busy, and kept herself busy. It just... got a tad lonely. Link was busy all day, every day, so she didn't get to see him much, and Ckkela had seemed busy with something lately also.
Lee looked around the Mess Hall distractedly, trying to find something to add to her response. All she could come up with was, "I'm kept busy." She gave a small smile. "What about you, John?"

Post #336:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, May 6th, 2015, 12:28 AM:
(Short, but, ties up a few strings).

"Oh, er, good..." she paused, then: "I'm kept busy."
John smiled, his black eyes searching her face. She blushed and looked away. Why so evasive? He'd have to crack this case wide open "What about you, John?" She asked quickly, changing the subject, and snapping him back to reality.

"Bridge is doing well," he said, pondering the question, "I think people are finally starting to relax--get to know one another, forge relationships." He winked at Lee and nodded towards Link. "Cause, I saw a certain someone with another certain someone in the med-bay recently..." he said teasingly, slanting his gaze towards Link.

"What?!" the engineer laughed evasively, "I had a pulled tendon in my neck!"

"It would have been pulled after that encounter." he said, raising his eyebrows, pushing his glasses up his nose, and crossing his arms.

"--she was showing me how to keep my neck healthy, a skill that you could well use!"

"My neck? My neck's doing just fine, Link..." He raised an eyebrow dubiously.

"He's telling the truth, actually!"

Ckkela came up behind Link, putting her forepaws on the back of his chair. She slung her med-bag to the ground and looked around. "If you hold your neck in one position for an extended period of time, like looking down at a screen, its bound to get stiff. I know how to relax it, if any of you need. And hey, speaking of romancing, whats going on with Gen and Kkeut?"

John snorted. "Definitely not romancing. I don't know what's going on between them--they seem to be in some sort of professional, thug-scary-person partnership. freaking out all the crewmen..." he shook his head, raising his eyebrows. "And I can't believe that Varya decided to stay behind on Etalpalli with her mother! Who's going to be first officer now?" His curious black eyes turned to Lee, then to Link and Ckkela.

Post #337:  Willow Skyrider posted at Wednesday, May 6th, 2015, 12:44 AM:
"I would be curious to know the same." AntiCure chimed in from above, since the small gathering was growing larger, and he had already put many of the ship's primary systems into a self-controlled routine until morning. This left him to be free to socialize for a few hours of the evening.

"But if anyone were to ask the humble ship's computing program for his opinion, he would be inclined to note that several of the crew's prime officers could fulfill the position's required duties admirably. Though I would like to hear what you think, Lee?" He would have named the officer he had in mind specifically, but he felt it would be more appropriate to reserve his thoughts on the matter until after those present had a chance to possibly convince him otherwise. Sentient beings having such an uncanny ability to see a problem in different shades of light did hold certain benefits when careful consideration was due.

Post #338:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, May 6th, 2015, 09:59 PM:
((Err, didn't add much into it :/ ))

"I think people are finally starting to relax--get to know one another, forge relationships." He winked at Lee  - who wondered just how much she was blushing - and nodded towards Link. "Cause, I saw a certain someone with another certain someone in the med-bay recently..." he said teasingly, slanting his gaze towards Link.

Lee giggled. Oh, yes, she'd seen it. And though she'd never say it out loud, she'd been totally shipping them. But, of course, those kinds of things she never shared - that she shipped them, or that she shipped at all. It was a tad embarrassing.

Ckkela herself came up behind Link, putting her forepaws on the back of his chair. She slung her med-bag to the ground and looked around. "And hey, speaking of romancing, whats going on with Gen and Kkeut?"

John snorted. "Definitely not romancing. I don't know what's going on between them--they seem to be in some sort of professional, thug-scary-person partnership, freaking out all the crewmen..." He shook his head, raising his eyebrows. "And I can't believe that Varya decided to stay behind on Etalpalli with her mother! Who's going to be first officer now?" His curious black eyes turned to Lee, then to Link and Ckkela.

"I would be curious to know the same." AntiCure chimed in from above. Lee startled. She still hadn't gotten used to the ship's voice randomly entering their conversations.

"But if anyone were to ask the humble ship's computing program for his opinion, he would be inclined to note that several of the crew's prime officers could fulfill the position's required duties admirably. Though I would like to hear what you think, Lee?"

She blinked and frowned in confusion. "Me...?" Why did he want the cook's opinion? "Um, well... Yukan and Sensa seem very experienced. Uh..." Lee gave a half-smile and shrugged. "Has Commander Gonzalez said anything about it?"

Post #339:  Missymoo posted at Thursday, May 7th, 2015, 04:01 AM:
I'll have to talk it over with mum Imogen. 

Post #340:  Imogen posted at Friday, May 8th, 2015, 12:24 AM:
(And... ACTION!)
(Heidi, it might just be easier for you to start a post in the Original Fiction section, and then I can (with mod powers) go in and edit it, and we can work something out that way. Yes?)
(I have been imagining this scene for months. MONTHS!)

"I would be curious to know the same."

John leaped into the air and yelped, spilling his spoonful of hot soup on his foot. "Eee-yow! Anti-Cure!"
He would never get used to the fact that AntiCure could be anywhere and everywhere.

"But if anyone were to ask the humble ship's computing program for his opinion, he would be inclined to note that several of the crew's prime officers could fulfill the position's required duties admirably. Though I would like to hear what you think, Lee?"

He looked over at Lee. She looked incredibly surprised--staring up at the ceiling and frowning, blinking quickly.

"Me...?" she asked, "Um, well... Yukan and Sensa seem very experienced. Uh..." She shrugged. "Has Commander Gonzalez said anything about it?"

John was wondering the same thing. The Commander had seemed quite preoccupied since they left the planet. He hadn't seen much of her, except for at bridge meetings, and on shifts--he hadn't even seen her in the mess hall. He dragged himself back to the conversation--AntiCure was talking again.

"She has indeed expressed certain interest in select members of the crew. However, I would wish to hear your opinions as well. The bridge officers have been muttering amongst themselves."

John stretched his arms, reaching a hand down and taking off his sodden shoe. He held it at eye level, inspecting it, thinking. Thoughtfully, he let a stream of electricity flow from his veins and crackle over the boot. The soup boiled up, and the leather was dry. He leaned over, putting it on again, then straightened up.

"I agree with Lee, but I think it should be Yukan. He's clear-headed, and has good ideas. He'd be a good sounding board--great second voice in a hard situation."

He nodded and turned back to his soup. Link frowned at him.

"I'm clear headed!"

John choked on his soup and leaned over, coughing. When he recovered his breath he straightened up, pushing his glasses up his nose, and grinning sheepishly.

Ckkela was grinning wolfishly at Link. "Yeah, but you're also very sarcastic, and witty and quick to speak... actually maybe you wouldn't be such a bad first officer..." she added, cocking her ears.

John leaned back, chewing on a piece of chicken and pondering this thought.

He didn't have much time to think on it, because at that moment, his, and Link's comms. buzzed an alarm.

"Turner and Rumor to the bridge. We have a situation."

He exchanged a nervous glance with the Mechanic, and then straightened up, placing the bowl of chicken noodle soup on the side table.
"Sounds like something's up. Sorry to dump you guys--we'll be back."
He smiled sheepishly at Lee, then slung his pack over his shoulder and followed Link out of the mess hall. They got into the elevator at the end of the corridor, and rode it up to the bridge.

Emerging onto the bridge was like entering a war zone. People were running in every which direction, alarms were blaring, the flood lights were shining like they were on a Star Trek movie. John dropped his pack and ran to the helm, relieving the Ensign who had been covering for him. He keyed in his entrance code, and scanned the monitor.

"Large ship, inbound. Unable to identify."

He'd have to agree. The thing was huge, from the readings he was getting, and emitting/using an enormous amount of energy... a misgiving started in his chest, but he shoved it down.

"Approaching visual range," someone called.

"Everyone CALM DOWN!"

John jumped and spun around. Commander Abby was standing in the middle of the bridge, staring around at everyone with a very commanderly look on her face. "Goodness!" she said, sighing in frustration, "You'd think we were in a zoo! Pull yourselves together!"

Things quieted down. John could see Link working on something in the corner of his vision, but he couldn't see what.
The Commander settled into her seat, and turned her gaze upon the main view-dome.
"Are we within visual range?" she asked calmly. John turned back to his console, checking the readings.

"Aye, Cap'n," he said quickly.

"Onscreen," she replied.

And it appeared on the view-dome.

"Oh no..." John breathed. "Oh hell..."

Coming towards him, like a massive shark to a minnows, was an enormous black ship. Aside from the rogue sparks of electricity flickering over it's hull, to look at it one wouldn't have known it was there. Against the backdrop of space, it just looked like a ship shaped hole in the stars, or perhaps in the fabric of reality. John staggered back, forgetting that he was sitting, and fell out of his chair. He grasped the back of it and staggered up, staring at the ship with wide eyes and heaving chest. His fearful panting was audible.

"C-C-Cap'n--Cap'n we have to go! We have to go, NOW!"

He turned. The Commander just stared at him. "John, are you feeling all right?"

He closed his eyes and shook his head quickly. I don't believe it. I refuse to believe it-- but he could feel the electricity pressing down on him, and knew that it was true. He pointed with a shaking finger to the ship outside.

"If we don't leave, now, that ship is going to descend upon us, and kill every living soul upon this vessel. We have to go, while we still have the chance!"

The Commander looked disconcerted, and shifted around in her chair. John's brow furrowed and he clasped his shaking hands together.

"Please, I'm begging you, you have to trust me--!"

He met her eyes, and she frowned, opening her mouth to speak, when someone--he didn't know if it was Sensa, or perhaps Gen, spoke up

"Rukor, please escort Mister Turner to his quarters. He's obviously been up too long."

John's eyes widened and he threw himself at the helm, just as an enormous shockwave rippled through the ship.

Sensa--definitely Sensa this time, shouted from her position at Weapons.
"They're firing on us!"

"Evasive manuvers!" The Commander shouted, and the room was bathed in red light as the alarms began to sound. John's fingers flickered across the helm at inhuman speed, and he grabbed the wheel, bringing them about. But as soon as he began to move, the other ship moved to stop them again. He stared at the ship outside in horror.

"Its too late..." he whispered hoarsely.

Post #341:  Autumn Lee posted at Saturday, May 9th, 2015, 08:23 AM:
"Turner and Rukor to the bridge. We have a situation."

John exchanged a nervous glance with the Mechanic, and then straightened up, placing the bowl of chicken noodle soup on the side table.

"Sounds like something's up. Sorry to dump you guys--we'll be back."
He smiled sheepishly at Lee, then slung his pack over his shoulder and followed Link out of the mess hall.

Lee watched them go, then stood and grabbed the bowls. The words 'we have a situation' immediately sent her mind into a paranoid panic. Her mind swirled with different possibilities, most of them ending in the absolute destruction of ship and crew. I really need to get my imagination under control. It's probably nothing much. Though, last time we had a 'situation'...

But she decided not to think about it. Lee told Ckkela, "Gotta take care of dishes," and started walking away, when a shockwave hit the ship. She staggered, soup spilling to the ground, barely keeping on her feet. And then she could tell the ship was turning, sharply. The bowls were hurriedly placed on the nearest table.

"AntiCure!" Lee cried, trying to keep her voice from betraying her fear. "What's going on?"

-~-~-~-

Link could ask the same thing. Where had that ship come from? And why did it look familiar?
He checked through his memories, and found something startling.
When they had passed through that electrical storm, there had been ships in the space just past them. There had seemed to be some sort of battle going on, but as they were rapidly descending towards unwelcoming hard dirt, Link hadn't paid that much attention.
Enough, however, to see that some of the ships were just like the one that was flying towards them now.

More disconcerting was John's reaction. The pilot was absolutely terrified of whatever that ship was. Link watched the scene unfolding, gradually becoming worried. Commander Abby didn't look convinced. And then someone -- Sensa, maybe; he didn't see -- spoke up.
"Rukor, please escort Mister Turner to his quarters. He's obviously been up too long."

Link opened his mouth to protest, just as a shockwave rocked the ship.
"They're firing at us!" Sensa called out.
"Evasive maneuvers!" the Commander shouted.

They turned the ship away, but the mysterious ship turned likewise. Link saw John freeze at the controls, whisper, "It's too late..."
The mechanic left his position and rushed over to John. He grabbed the Zeranorian's shoulders and shook him a bit. "Hey! You might wanna explain what we're dealing with here, before you go giving up on us! I, for one, don't wanna die like a sitting duck, if it's really that bad. Pull yourself together, man!" He shook him a little more.

"Commander," Yukan called, and his voice was loud, but calm and quick. "The enemy ship appears to have used some sort of electrical-based weapon to fire against us -- detecting electrical interference. Was the Outsider equipped to better deal with this form of interference after the crash? If so, I suggest we quickly deploy any defenses we have."

Post #342:  Imogen posted at Saturday, May 9th, 2015, 03:39 PM:
(I had a great big lot of text, but it didn't work with story flow, and it revealed too much all at once, so--save for latah!

WIP. I've gotta sweep through again and finesse it.)

Link grabbed his shoulders and shook him. "Hey! You might wanna explain what we're dealing with here, before you go giving up on us! I, for one, don't wanna die like a sitting duck, if it's really that bad. Pull yourself together, man!" He shook him a little more.

John blinked, and seemed to come back to himself.

"All right," he breathed, inhaling sharply and shallowly. "Ok... Ok...." He turned back to the helm and began inputting data as fast as he could, while still explaining to Link.

"These ships--and the creatures inside them, are the reason Gen and I were on the Outsider in the first place--I don't have time to explain now, but we've been hunting them ever since my brother, their leader, escaped, taking his people--or troops, rather, with him--Negatives, basically Zeranorian Zombies, to some extent, only a heck of a lot worse--"

He broke off, veered hard to the right, feinted down, and then rocketed up over the enemy ship. "Yes!" Gen cried fiercely, before turning back to Weapons at a glare from Sensa.

"Commander," Yukan called from behind him. He sounded quite calm, as usual, but there was an urgency to his tone that spurred John's fevered movements all the more. "The enemy ship appears to have used some sort of electrical-based weapon to fire against us -- detecting electrical interference. Was the Outsider equipped to better deal with this form of interference after the crash? If so, I suggest we quickly deploy any defenses we have."

"Agreed. Fire up the deflector shields!"

The woman beside John leaned over and flicked a series of switches. An electric hum filled the air, and all around the view-dome John could see a crackling, electrical barrier. His heart slowed somewhat. This was good--they could defend themselves.

A flash of white light blasted from the Negative ship, crashed through the shields, and struck the Outsider like a tin can in a raging river.

"They've locked a tractor beam on us! They're pulling us in!"

John's eyes narrowed to slits, and he glanced at Link. There's only one known way of killing Negatives, right Gen?

He could hear her cracking her knuckles all the way across the room, and could just imagine the sadistic smile curling across her face. Overcharge, baby!

- + -

Gen turned directly to Sensa. "Ok, no time to explain. My evil brother is likely on that ship, trying to kill us and convert every available crew member into a Zombie like electric being. The only way to defeat them is to overcharge their ship. Is there any way that we can do that?"

"We can run a feedback pulse along the tractor beam... it might throw them off."

Gen leaped over to another Weapons console and began rapid-fire typing. Outside, the tractor beam fizzled, flashed, and a ball of energy began to work its way up the link.

And then back down. It struck the ship with a roar, and shook the deck from ceiling to floor. Gen snarled and threw herself back at her original weapons console.

"Well, they'd obviously seen that one before!" She shouted, sending a burst of missiles at the ship. (Good one, Continuity!)

"We have to get out of here, now!"
"We're doing everything we can!"
"Its not enough! John, go to warp."

- + -

John looked over his shoulder, eyes wide. "Warp? Cap'n, it'll tear the ship apart... or..." His eyes lit up as he realized what she was on about. A grin spread across his face, and he pushed his glasses up his nose. "Or the plasma discharge will disperse the tractor beam..."

He beamed at her, as if non-verbally saying that she was a genius, then turned and flung himself at the helm.
The familiar, friendly sound of the warp engines rose into his ears. He pressed the nacelle release button, and the ship shuddered a bit as the two large nacelles descended from their place beneath the wings of the ship.

"Warp systems are go in five, four," he flicked a line of switches, then sat back into his seat. They were facing away from the ship, the tractor beam was behind them. "Three... two... one...."

He slammed the warp lever down, and the ship roared, the warp engines firing at full capacity. John looked out the view-dome.
They were stationary.

He leaped to his feet and looked around wildly. Was this some kind of bad dream? It had to be! How could they be standing still?!
His eyes flickered down to the readings, and his face paled, his heart falling into his shoes.

“Cap’n, they’re draining the warp drive. They’re using it to fuel the tractor beam.”

He turned around. The Commander was on her feet, staring out the view-dome with a fixed, fierce expression on her face.

“Shut it down,” she said finally, her voice low. John’s eyes widened and he stepped back. He saw Link turn, a look of shock and disbelief on his face, he saw Gen freeze, an uncharacteristic 

“But…”

“If you don’t, we’ll be torn apart.”

John looked around the bridge. Gen was staring at him with wide, horror stricken eyes. Link’s gaze was fixed on the ship, and his jaw was set. Sensa and Yukan were staring coldly, but he thought he could see fear behind their eyes.
And Commander Abby’s jaw was set, her lips pursed, her eyes fiery.

John took a deep breath, and raised the warp drive lever. The ship shuddered. Then, slowly, it drew back towards the Negative vessel.

John turned to face it, and his face filled with resolve. Whatever was going to happen, whatever had happened before, he knew, deep within his bones, they were about to face their darkest trial yet.

Post #343:  Willow Skyrider posted at Saturday, May 9th, 2015, 07:09 PM:
Proximity alert. Proximity alert.
"Relay alert to bridge, notify Commander to helm."
Acknowledged.

....."AntiCure!" Lee cried, trying to keep her voice from betraying her fear. "What's going on?"

DIAGNOSIS: DAMAGED HULL, ELECTRICAL INTERFERENCE, TRACTOR-BEAM ENGAGING, NO THRUST.
"It seems that we've been captured by aliens." He sounded miffed. "I'll be in the Helm if anyone should have further need of me."
---

A flash of white light blasted from the Negative ship, crashed through the shields, and struck the Outsider like a tin can in a raging river. "They've locked a tractor beam on us! They're pulling us in!"

Affirmative.

"We can run a feedback pulse along the tractor beam... it might throw them off."

Plausible.

Gen leaped over to another Weapons console and began rapid-fire typing. Outside, the tractor beam fizzled, flashed, and a ball of energy began to work its way up the link.

Projectile incoming.

And then back down. It struck the ship with a roar, and shook the deck from ceiling to floor. Gen snarled and threw herself back at her original weapons console.

Implausible.
---

“Shut it down,” she said finally, her voice low. John’s eyes widened and he stepped back. He saw Link turn, a look of shock and disbelief on his face, he saw Gen freeze, an uncharacteristic
“But…”
“If you don’t, we’ll be torn apart.”

John took a deep breath, and raised the warp drive lever. The ship shuddered. Then, slowly, it drew back towards the Negative vessel.

John turned to face it, and his face filled with resolve. Whatever was going to happen, whatever had happened before, he knew, deep within his bones, they were about to face their darkest trial yet. 

"Commander." AntiCure spoke out, putting a hologram onto the bridge. "This vessel is equipped with self-defense drones, they were undamaged at the time of our crash, and I believe that they could be used as a part of some sort of surprise-attack for when we are pulled into their bay.

"I would not suggest attempting our escape directly thereafter, but it would purchase a marginal space of time to assemble a retaliation force. As of now, my securities systems remain fully functional and my physical-defense systems are holding. Before the beam locked onto us, our ship completed a preliminary scan of their vessel and I have a partial layout for it's innards, including what may be their central command.

If our beginning advantage were to hold, a small party would be able to infiltrate and possibly overcome their forces, if what I've surmised from the Turner's given information on these aliens is accurate. With that said, I've never encountered a Negative before, and so cannot offer a flawless plan of defense." The hologram had been pacing the floor, but now it rested near John, between he and Gen, facing Abigail.

"I've initiated and halted the shut-down and lock-out procedures for the S.S Outsider's computerized programming, as well as initiated and halted the Informations Long-Range File-Dump for a voice command from yourself, Commander, at which point the ship's informations and systems will be condensed, encapsulated into coded, long-range frequencies, and jettisoned from the ship. These files would be accessible only to those possessing the Federation's current coding software and proper access-keys. The ship's systems would immediately thereafter be purged, leaving only the vessel herself, void of all programming. Following this command, I will be deported from the system into the Guardian armor-suit, and all information relating to the S.S Outsider will have been purged from my system, leaving myself incapable towards any reconstruction of the ship's systems.

"At a later time, this ship can be set for a timed explosion of approximately seventy-thousand kilotons. This figure, added to the Negative vessel's presumed amount of explosive material contained on board could, hypothetically, reach a force of one-hundred-seventy-thousand kilos, or point-one-seven gigatons worth of nuclear explosion."

He stood at attention, waiting for his commander's orders as they advanced towards their demise.

Post #344:  Imogen posted at Saturday, May 9th, 2015, 11:57 PM:
(Imma gonna start putting up "soundtrack" songs...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4CkApmhVpdg
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xu9_Y72yenQ)

"At a later time, this ship can be set for a timed explosion of approximately seventy-thousand kilotons. This figure, added to the Negative vessel's presumed amount of explosive material contained on board could, hypothetically, reach a force of one-hundred-seventy-thousand kilos, or point-one-seven gigatons worth of nuclear explosion."

John's heart stopped. Blow up the ship? After all the work we've done on her? He felt a pang of sadness, a loss already, even though they hadn't decided anything yet. But if that were the only option. He looked back at the Negative ship. This was starting to sound like a suicide mission. Wouldn't be the first time, though.

So, why did he feel so afraid?

"They're opening their bay doors," John said quietly, watching the screen. His fists clenched around the helm. He could feel his heart pounding in his throat. It was seconds away...

"Commander?" He said quietly. But there was no response.

They drifted slowly into the bay, the blackness of the ship enveloping them as if they too were being infected by the darkness. He turned around as the bay doors began to close. The stars winked back at him from outside, as if mocking his captivity.

And imminent demise, Gen thought at him.

Try to think positive thoughts, kay? he thought back, but his mental voice was completely flat, and his heart was heavy. The ship stopped moving, and fell to the floor of the Negative ship with a clunk.

"Whelp, at least it's solid." John murmured to himself, and the bridge hatches blew off their hinges.

In the doorway stood a creature--neither alien, nor beast, nor living being of any definable type.

It was a shadow--a long, humanoid shaped hole in the fabric of space, time, all matter. It had two white pinpoints for eyes, and a cruel, cheshire grin. It had no other distinguishable features--it looked almost two dimensional--you couldn't seem to see the side of it. It stepped into the room, and there was another one exactly behind it. Then that one stepped silently forward, and there was another, and another.

John staggered out of his seat, stepping forward, his knees nocking together.

"W-wait!" The first Negative's head snapped around to face him, and he trembled harder. Slowly he raised his hands into the air. "If... If Aronan's doing this... let the crew go... take us..." he blinked, and looked slightly hopeful. "Please?"

The creature opened it's mouth, and a crackling, sterile, monotone sound emerged.

"Not negotiable."

The Negatives zapped--their movement could only be called zapping, they moved so fast--from person to person, each Negative grabbing a crew member and driving them out of the ship. John's eyes widened. He didn't even move as they clapped irons around his wrists.

If they're not killing us, then they must want something, and if they want something, then it'll probably mean Aronan's here, and if Aronan's here....

The Negatives, having maneuvered him to the hatch, pushed him out and let him fall with a crash to the hard floor. He winced, then picked himself up and scrambled away.

If Aronan's here, then he must have found a sponsor... or a master.

Link hit the ground with a yelp, and John went to help him up. The two met eyes, and John winced.

"Well, this is a mess we've found ourselves in, eh?"

"You didn't say they'd offer poor service," Link said, rubbing his back. "I want a refund."

A cry, and Lee was on the floor as well, from a different hatch. The Negatives had lowered the main loading dock, and were unloading the crew like cattle. Lee saw them and ran over, her cuffed hands down by her sides.

"Link! John! What's happening, what is this?" she looked around. "Where are we...?"

"We've been captured," John said quietly, pulling the two of them in next to him. "Commander has a plan... I think. I just hope it doesn't end with blowing up the ship... I've grown to like her."

He tried to sound nonchalant, but on the inside, he was panicking. So it had happened. They were captured. He'd spent enough time syphoning prisoners from the first Negative chambers to know what conversion looked like, and how horrible it really was.

Whatdowedo?! What are we going to do? Really? What's the plan?

And he realized, any plan they were to come up with would ultimately end in their own destruction.

Thats what it is to be in an isolated system, and the entropy here is coming on like a TGV train.

Post #345:  finnishfinn posted at Sunday, May 10th, 2015, 12:50 PM:
Delvin wandered through a field poppies, at his heels was Simon Ross, barely keeping his head above the pedals. Delvin was on his way to meet with his date, when suddenly the ground started to shake then stop, and repeat shake and stop. As he drew near to the shack where the two were to meet, the ground shook once again, opening up a hole in the ground creating a crevasse nearly 30 meters deep. The shudder of the earth around them and the split of the ground, caused the shack to crumble and fall into the hole. Assuming he was early, waited there to meet with his date.
Minutes passed, followed by hours until the suns was about to go down he saw a figure in the distance coming from the west, rapidly growing larger, until when it was a few kilometers away, Delvin saw that it wasn't a person, but a ship. The ship followed by a gleam of white light slammed into the field of poppies, melting every last one. Delvin got one more look at Simon when the shock wave killed him and through Delvin on to a bush and losing consciousness. When he came to, he heard a voice speak to him, it was a soft voice, blinded by the explosion he followed the sound until he started to make out a few of the words being said, "Delvin, I'm here, theres been an accident and the shack where we were to meet has been destroyed. follow my voice." Melvin followed the voice, until a hand stopped him, the voice said to him in a whispered tone, "Delvin, I have something to tell you." but a shot rang through the already buzzing atmosphere, and Delvin was splattered in blood, and before his very own eyes, he saw his love fall to the ground with a burnt hole through her chest, as she collapsed her body revealed a figure, some 100 meters behind them lowering a fusion rifle, then turning around put his wrist to his face, and ushered a few words into a watch and then Tvanished. 

Delvin awoke in a cold sweat, only to bump his head on the upper bunk, he clambered out of bead and wandered out the door, but there was something wrong with the ship today, Delving just couldn't put his finger on it, Delvin continued to wander his way to the elevator shaft until he realized how lonely and quite the ship felt, but he just shrugged it off. He reached the elevator and called it, it came and he went down into the engineering room, but there was nothing or no one there. Delvin thought to himself "Is it a Sunday?" But he continued to his post. when he got there, he tuned on a pot of Qweefaren coffee and switched on his computer monitor, but it wouldn't turn on. Delvin climbed up the ladder and attempted to turn on another monitor, but that one didn't turn on either. then it dawned on him, "why is nobody here?"  and hearing a screw hit the metal floor, he turned around slowly, but there was nothing there, but when he turned back around, and standing in front of him was an 8 ft tall 2D like figure towering above him. It put his hand on his shoulder and almost instantly he was in a different area now, standing in a large open space, and turning around slowly he saw the ship, and again he was grabbed by the shoulder and this time thrown into a cell. Thinking to himself. "We are in a Negative holding facility, and based on the slight g-force and vibration I am feeling, we are in the back right corner of the ship" Delvin had received training in the art of stealth, strength, prison escape, proper espionage, and dance, he quickly got to work on devising a plan of escaping, sneaking, busting open some holding cells, discovering the plans of where they were going, and thinking up an escape/ dance party afterwards. He thought to himself one more time before getting a good nights rest "We may not be doomed after all."  

Post #346:  Imogen posted at Monday, May 11th, 2015, 03:14 PM:
The cells were small, without cots, and locked off from the rest of the ship by old fashioned bars.

The Negatives flung the Outsider crew into the cells, slamming the doors behind them. John fell to his knees, scuffing them on the dirty floor. He stood and turned, staggering away from the door when one of the 2-D Negatives hissed at him, almost beast-like. A confused frown slipped across his face, and he squinted at it.

And then it flung Lee into the cell.

John just managed to catch her before she fell, helping her to her feet. Then Link was thrown in, then one of the engineers, a man named Taik, and finally Beth, and Commander Abby.

Kkeut, Gen and Delvin were thrown into the cell next to them.

John straightened up, letting go of Lee with a wan smile, and watching as the Negatives trickled away.
"Well. That... Did not go as well as could have been hoped."

"Mister Turner, I think you owe us all an explanation."

John turned around, biting his lower lip. Cpmmander Abby was staring at him with a disappointed look in her eyes. John cast his eyes to the ground.

"I... I shouldn't have kept it secret... I'm sorry...." He looked back up, his lips pursed and brow furrowed, eyes serious and sad. "Gen and I are spies, agents for Zeranorian Command. We've been hunting my brother, Aronan, and his Negatoves ever since they went underground and disappeared from the eye of Command. We tracked them around the allied planets, border colonies, deep space--you name it. And then they just... fell off the grid." He made an explosion motion with his fingers. "Poof. We couldn't find them. Their last known location was in the place where we came through into this sector of the universe. There was an anomaly detected. Command thought it might be the Negatives appearing again, but the space in which the anomaly occurred was under Earthen jurisdiction, and they didn't want to exacerbate the current border situation by sending in a ship. So they sent us."

He shrugged, looking direly apologetic. "This is all we know about Negatives so far, aside from what I've already told you. There are three different types--the ones you've seen so far are Tier One--rather stupid, foot soldiers--almost a hive mind mentality. Then there's tier two--more physical, stronger, faster, smart as you or I. And then there's tier three, and as far as I know, there's only been one of them--and that's my brother."

He pulled his glasses off and polished them on the hem of his uniform, looking up nervously. "I'm sorry... I should have told you, but I didn't. And now we'll suffer for it."

As if brought on by his words, the door suddenly swung open. A tier one Negative stood in the doorway, staring blankly at all of them. It's eyes fell on Lee, and it reached forward, grabbing her jacket.
"You will be taken for questioning."

John's eyes widened.
"No! Nonononono! Wait!"
He flung himself forward, interjecting himself between Lee and the Negative. The creature turned its eyes on his trembling form, and cocked it's head to one side. Then it grabbed his shackles, as well as Lee's, and dragged them both from the cell, from the corridor, and towards whatever lay beyond for them...

Post #347:  Willow Skyrider posted at Monday, May 11th, 2015, 08:08 PM:
The Negative standing by the door growled at his partner who spat a hiss back at the him. They had been told to search the ship, but everything had been turned inside-out and upside-down and nothing new had been discovered. They were told not to drain the vessel, yet, but the lust that Negatives have for power was becoming too strong even for their master's orders. Still they obeyed, the master held strong control over them. The master allowed them life...

AntiCure realized he was running out of time. They had discovered the Guardian, explored its systems and files, gathered what information they could and then drained it of its energy. It was a matter of dissipating time before they began to feed off the Outsider, and then convert it to one of theirs.

"Computer, send out succor, muffled."
Acknowledged: Subliminal Emissions released in a Dot-Dot-Dot, Dash-Dash-Dash, Dot-Dot-Dot pattern.
Request: Mode of interpretation.
"Federation, Rebellion."
Acknowledged: S.O.S released on specified wavelengths. Accepting any/all feedback.
Request: Mode of response.
"Immediate activation of Program: AntiCure. Immediate Activation of: weapons-systems. Immediate declaration of: Vessel location, on: Same wavelength as received S.O.S-Response."
Acknowledged. Initializing.

AntiCure waited until he could hear the almost silent chirps running along the radiowaves, so far the Negatives hadn't caught his interactions with the ship. He didn't bet on that lasting very long, but their bottled messages had been sent into the ocean of space. All they had to do was be picked up, and then help would come to them.

"Computer, enter minimal sleep-stasis. Ensure all transmission-systems remain active." We mustn't allow ourselves to be caught, or we will be deleted. Surely the stupid ship would understand that...

He had been fiddling with the Whole-System-Wipe command, but the security protocols were still hindering his progress. It demanded that the commander of the vessel be present and extend her permissions. What sense would it make to prevent the A.I from wiping itself as well as the ship completely clean? Of course none of the designers had ever envisioned this kind of a scenario when they were coding the operating system of the vessel.

That would be one thing that he would demand be installed into his next housings. What kind of malevolent computer would ever dream of erasing himself entirely from the system? Sure he could create a backdoor, create another copy  of himself, but at the same time he'd be erasing the very lines of code that he resided in. It would be like ordering a nuclear airstrike on your own home while you were still inside holding a second bomb duct-taped to your hands. AntiCure would ensure that the future program would initiate a whole-system wipe, as well as eliminating the A.I presence from the system, and then seal it into the very core of its operating. That way, enemies would never be able to recover their critical information.

The computer replied to his commands.
Acknowledged. Unnecessary systems shutting down, entering semi-hibernation.
"Find us now, Negatives." He whispered as the ship shut him down, eliminating his trace from the systems.

Post #348:  Titus2teen posted at Monday, May 11th, 2015, 10:31 PM:
"Whassa plan?"

Gen looked at Kkeut eyes wide before whispering back. "You're kidding right?"

Kkeut grinned. "So we're wingin' it! My favorite plan!"

Gen rolled her eyes as Kkeut began fiddling with the chains. Link, who had overheard the whispers, looked certifiably terrified. Why can't they use energy couplings, what's with the old fashioned shackles... They even took my guns, they mean business... Kkeut scooted closer to the cell commander was in, leaning inconspicuously against the bars.

He looked at Gen, face turning somewhat serious. "Seriously, how do we take 'em down though? Weaknesses you know of?"

Kkeut honestly thought he could take at least three on a bad day, and more with Gen fighting with him-instead of against him. Still, he wanted to be sure, and get everyone out alive. The least he could do was hit something where they told him to.

Post #349:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, May 12th, 2015, 04:41 PM:
John pulled his glasses off and polished them on the hem of his uniform, looking up nervously. "I'm sorry... I should have told you, but I didn't. And now we'll suffer for it."

As if brought on by his words, the door suddenly swung open. A tier one Negative stood in the doorway, staring blankly at all of them. Its eyes fell on Lee, and it reached forward, grabbing her jacket.
"You will be taken for questioning."

John's eyes widened.
"No! Nonononono! Wait!"
He flung himself forward, interjecting himself between Lee and the Negative. The creature turned its eyes on his trembling form, and cocked its head to one side. Then it grabbed his shackles, as well as Lee's, and dragged them both from the cell, from the corridor, and towards whatever lay beyond for them.

"I'm not-- I don't have anything valuable to say to you!" Lee stammered. The Negative turned its blank gaze on her, and she fell into silence. She glanced over at John, and in her face were the questions, Who was going to question them? and what would they ask?

But she couldn't look at him long, only a glance. Though he'd apologized, and Lee could tell he meant it, she couldn't understand -- why hadn't he told them? At least Commander Abby? They could have been more prepared for this. Now? Things did not look good.

The fear inside her leaked out in tears, but she wouldn't let herself make a sound. Lee bit her cheek hard and concentrated on one step after the other, not looking up.

-~-~-~-

"Yo, dummies!" Link shouted through the bars. A Negative looked over with a 'who, me?' type of expression, or close to it. "Yeah, you! Dummy! Tell me where you took my cousin!"
It just made an odd crackling noise and turned away.

Link wanted to throw something at it. But there wasn't anything to throw. So, he just hurled insults at it instead, some of which will not be recorded here.
"If you got a brain transplant, the brain would reject you!"
"In the dictionary for 'stupid', it says you!"
"If brains were dynamite, you wouldn't have enough to blow your nose!"
"You should sit down and give your mind a rest!"
"Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!"

Finally he just kicked the door and sat down, feeling useless.

Post #350:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, May 12th, 2015, 11:41 PM:
(A lovely collab between Lee and I, with moral support from the creepy page creeper ;D)

John’s heart sunk into his shoes. Why… why hadnt he told them?! Yet, he knew the answer to that all too well, knew the cost if he were to speak. Zeranorian Command did not take well to its international secrets being revealed, besides the fact that they had had rogue elements terrorizing the Earthen border colonies. Zeranor did not need another war, least of all another war started by the Turners....

But, looking at Lee, hearing her quiet crying, he felt his heart would break. As the Negative steered them through the door, down a dark hallway, and in through another door, he wished, with all of his heart, that he had died that day, so long ago…

A Tier Two Negative was waiting for them. John thought he recognized him, but he couldn’t be sure. The creature’s eyes narrowed as they approached, and a frown appeared on his face--currently in a more solid, Zeranorian state. His white eyes widened when he saw who his crewmates had caught, and something like a sneer replaced the frown.

“Well, look who it is! And Aronan thought you’d never join us?”

John’s eyes widened in shock, and his head snapped up. “Aronan is here?”

“No, he’s in Hawaii sipping a pina colada--of course he’s here, idiot. He’ll be very glad to see you. And your little friend.” His eyes turned on Lee, and his sneer deepened. “Who knows, we might even be able to make a nice little tier one out of her.”

Lee hadn’t lifted her head at first, but watched with her eyes. She wondered who this new Negative was, and how he knew John. Then again, there was now a lot she didn’t know about the Zeranorian. When the tier two Negative addressed her, she looked up. His white eyes made her mind recoil, though on the outside only her eyes flickered with discomfort.

“You’re not going to do anything to her,” John said, “or any of the crew!”

The Negative’s grin widened. “Hmm… maybe not… yet. But… maybe so. We’ve gone to all the trouble of setting up this little area for you two--don’t you want to put it to use, hm?”

It was only then that John realized where they were, and he sucked in a quick breath. The dim, grey light shone upon what he had at first thought was a bed in the middle of the room. Now he saw the restraints, the hard tilt, the bright lamp curving down from one side and the tray of sharp objects on the other. But, worst of all, behind it, he saw The Machine.
It was large, rectangular, covered with knobs and pressure gauges, and all sorts of switches and levers and crackling wires. But the thing about it that scared him was the line of thick, cord-like wires stretching from its base, to the operating table. One of them had a head-piece, and the rest attached to things that looked like long cuffs, for the arms, chest, and legs.

The Negative watched him, smirking. John began to tremble, standing very close to Lee. She looked, and understood -- maybe not completely, but enough -- and choked on a sob.

“Ah, so you’re familiar with this little beauty, aren’t you? She’s quite an angel when she’s finished with you but, well… you understand about Conversion, don’t you? It can be… acutely painful. And very good for drawing out information. We don’t have to take you all the way, just enough for it to hurt, a little.”

He leaned in towards them, a snarl crossing his face. “So I’ll ask you, and you’d better think carefully--how did you escape the storm, hm? Did you have something to do with that, Turner?”

John shook his head quickly. “I don’t know… I don’t--” The Negative punched him across the side of the face, and he fell to the ground. Lee gave a cry and scrambled back. The Negative snapped his fingers, and two tier ones appeared from the shadows. They grabbed Lee’s forearms and began dragging her towards the table.

“Your friend might not survive though,” the Negative said contemplatively, watching as she kicked and screamed, and John began picking himself up, blood dripping from his split lip. “Humans are so weak…

“Stop!” John said, “Stop, I’ll tell you everything! But you can’t hurt Lee!”

The Negative laughed. “And why not?”

“Because…” John’s eyes suddenly lit up. “Because she isn’t actually human… she’s a Zeranorian, like you and I. Her name is Commander Ema.”

The Negative’s eyes widened, and for a moment he actually looked surprised--frightened, even. John staggered to his feet, glancing meaningfully at Lee. She looked confused, but wisely said nothing, just hoping that she would be able to follow whatever plan it seemed John had.

“Yep. I tried to warn you, but if you hurt her I think you’ll be in more trouble than you could possibly realize. Aronan values her just as much as Command does. And if some underling converted her… well, I know my brother…”

The Negative glanced back and forth, from Lee, to John, then back to Lee. A frustrated snarl crossed his face.
“Fine.” he hissed, snapping his fingers. The Negatives left Lee and grabbed John. “I’ll just torture it out of you, instead!”

Lee watched, sick to her stomach, as the Negative hit John, over and over, interjected with his question, but John wouldn’t answer.
She realized that the Negative’s back was to her, and the other two watched stupidly as their leader tortured the prisoner. Swirls of thoughts rushed into her head -- what could she do to help?! Frantically she looked around, and she saw the table with the assortment of knives and other sharp tools.
Quietly, slowly, but as quickly as she dared, Lee backed up to the table. It was awkward, but she managed to lift her arms up and grab one of the tools. Even more difficult was twisting the tool to the little slot where the key should go on her shackles.
Each hit on John she could hear, and that Negative’s sick laughs and snarls made her skin crawl and her hands shake. Work, work, work, please! she prayed, fiddling the tool in the keyhole. Lee couldn’t even breathe as she tried desperately to pick the lock.

With an almost imperceptible click, the shackles’ unlocked. I have to thank Link for teaching me that… she thought with joy as she slipped her arms out.

Then she realized she hadn’t planned what to do next.

John was fading. Or, at least, he seemed like he was. But when the Negative finally stopped beating him, he stood there, held between the other two, his head lolling on his shoulders, blood dripping from a broken nose, one frame of his glasses shattered, and the eye blackening. The Negative stared contemplatively at him for a moment, then nodded to the table.

“Ok. We’ll try some harsher methods.”

John coughed and raised his head, his eyes wide and full of fear. His gaze flickered to Lee, then down to her hands. A glimmer of hope came to life in his face, and he smiled, so briefly that it could have been imagined, then looked back at the Negative as they began to drag him to the table. They forced him on to it, strapping him in, fighting as he struggled and attempted to electrocute them, although knowing full well that it was fruitless.
The irons were clapped around his limbs, and the headpiece forced down over his brow, so that only the very bottoms of his eyebrows could be seen, pursed together in an expression of pure terror.

Then the Tier Two Negative reached out a hand, and pulled down the large lever on The Machine.
John screamed.
Energy poured from his body, flooding the room. The Negatives leaped behind a series of barriers that they hadn’t even noticed before, and dragged Lee with them. The energy flooded the room, then rushed back upon John, then poured forth again, faster and faster until it was a swirling vortex, a hurricane of electricity. And John kept screaming. His eyes were wide, staring, glowing with electricity, his back curving and limbs twitching spasmodically.
And the Tier Two Negative watched with a critical eye.
“Hmm… perhaps not quite made of the same mettle as his brother…”

Lee was frozen in absolute shock. What was unfolding before her was unlike anything she had ever imagined. To read such a thing would have affected her, certainly, but how different it was in reality! More tears streamed down her face, and she wanted to cry out his name, pound on the barrier, do something!
The Tier Two was standing next to her, watching it all with absolutely no remorse. She still held the shackles in her hands, so that a glance looked like she was still cuffed. Her knuckles were white with clenching the metal, and the hard, unwielding stuff wasn’t nearly painful enough on her hands to distract her from what was going on. Tighter and tighter she clenched the cuffs as anger took over.

Then she turned to the Tier Two and wrapped them around his throat.
It was sudden and completely unexpected. Lee didn’t think about it, just threw her arms so that the metal links wrapped around his neck, and she pulled them back, crossing them and tightening them. He gagged and stumbled back, fingers scrambling confusedly to the chain.
She wasn’t quite sure how long she held him like that, arms pulling tighter the hard chain around his soft throat. He went limp and started to collapse back on her.
Lee scrambled away, pushing the Negative from her. Horrible clarity returned to her as she looked at his pale face and the ugly imprints on his neck. She had to look away, unsure of keeping herself from being sick.

Her eyes found the lever. Still woozy with shock, she stumbled to it and pulled up.

The energy hovered in the room for one moment, then snapped back into John. He sucked in a ragged breath, his back arched once more, then he flopped limply back and lay still. Were it not for the restraints, he would have slithered off the table.

Lee ran out from behind the barriers, leaving the two Tier One Negatives staring at her, and began to pull at John’s restraints. And the door burst open.

In the doorway stood a copy of John, only his hair was short, his face hard, and his eyes flinty and where the pupils should have been there was pure white. And he didn’t wear glasses. He was taller than John by an inch, but he seemed to fill the doorway and then the room as he entered. His gaze fell upon Lee, and a smile, cruel and hard, like his face, crawled across his mouth like a snake.

“Ah, now this is unexpected. Here I am, come for a lovely reunion with my brother, and I find Commander Ema is springing him loose.” He stopped before Lee, his smile widening and his brows furrowing in a very John-like way. “Only, you’re not Commander Ema, are you? Because Ema wouldn’t get sent by Command into the forsaken reaches of space in the same way my dear siblings would. So. Who are you, exactly? Hmm?”
He reached out, and with a flick of his fingers, flicked a switch. The restraints snapped open and John slithered out, crumpling to the floor, his face death pale.

“John!” Lee cried, struggling to right the lanky Zeranorian. She searched his face, trying to see some sign of life. A shallow breath parted his lips. He was breathing -- he was alive! She hadn’t been too late.

“I asked you a question.”
Lee’s head shot up to the John-who-was-not-John, so close in appearance, yet completely different. With a tremble in her voice, but not quiet, she answered, “I’m nobody. Who are you?”

He smiled again, shoving his hands in his pockets. “Well, I’m afraid I’m not nobody. I’m the captain of this ship, and the leader of all these idiots. And I swear my allegiance to Emperor Lurid, though I’m sure you’re not interested in any of that.” He perched himself on the bed and nudged John with the toe of his boot, casting his eyes down upon them. “I’m also this imbecile’s brother--the dark sheep of the family, I like to think. We didn’t get along in our adolescence. He betrayed me, I took his sister and ran--that sort of family drama, you needn't be bored by it. Now we’ve made introductions, tell me your name, and why my Negatives chose you to interrogate, alongside the worst enemy I’ve ever had?”

She didn’t answer for a long moment. “I told you,” Lee said, quieter this time, but more firm, “I’m nobody. And I don’t know why they picked me.” Her blue eyes kept Aronan’s white ones for a considerable moment, before she looked away.

“Hmm…” Aronan said, cocking his head to one side. “No. I think you are Lee Sylvir, Cook on the ship, the Outsider, missing your family and wishing you’d never gotten into this mess, horrified by the idea of what you’ve just done to my commander over there, and worried about my brother, to whom you are attracted, and the rest of the crew. I could go on, but time is running short….” he grinned, his eyes dancing with mirth. “You really need to put up some mental barriers. It’s quite hard to keep you out.”

Her face grew increasingly confused and scared. All she could do in reply to this was whimper, “What do you want with me? I am nobody -- just the cook, like you said!”

“But you’re not,” Aronan said, leaning forward and frowning. “You’re someone that John cares about, and you’re… something else. Don’t know what, but it’s there. And it’s annoying! And what do I want with you?” He shrugged. “Nothing much. Basically I promised Lurid that I would recapture all of you and deliver you up to the Empire, for conversion, forced labor, or soldiers--not sure which one he wants at the moment. But, since you’re a friend of John’s, the punishment may be more severe… not quite sure yet. For now, you can go back to your cell. Try and talk that idiot of a cyborg into being quiet for a few minutes--he ruined a conference call with his shouting.” He grinned and slapped her on the shoulder. “Chin up!” He snapped his fingers, and the two Negatives returned, grabbing John and hauling him limply up, and pulling Lee after him. Aronan waggled his fingers at her, before turning and walking across the room towards the Tier Two Negative. As they left, a ragged screaming rose, and the sound of crackling electricity followed them out the door.

Post #351:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, May 13th, 2015, 02:18 PM:
"Seriously, how do we take 'em down though? Weaknesses you know of?"

Gen looked at him, full of excitement over the next target, ready for action, and shrugged listlessly.

"I blew one up, once. But we don't have enough energy, so..." she slumped back against the wall, sinking to the floor, to the soundtrack of Link's enraged cursing. "We're doomed."

"Really?" Kkeut said in disbelief, "you're really going to do that?" He blew the air out of his cheeks and turned away from her, facing the bars. "Well you're boring. I'm just going to have to do it all myself."

"Fine," Gen said, waving a hand lacklusterly. "Get yourself killed. Whatever."

He began working on the bars.

Then the doors burst open, and two Negatives entered, one dragging a furious, frightened Lee, the other dragging a distinctly lifeless John. Gen leaped to her feet and rushed to the bars, a mix of panic and rage flooding her face. The Negatives unlatched the cell from which they had taken the two prisoners, and flung them back in, before slamming the door, turning, and walking out.

Gen turned to Kkeut, her eyes flaming, her mouth a line of fury.

"Let's kill 'em."

- + -

"If you got a brain transplant, the brain would reject you!"
"In the dictionary for 'stupid', it says you!"
"If brains were dynamite, you wouldn't have enough to blow your nose!"
"You should sit down and give your mind a rest!"
"Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries!"
"Link, help me over here!"

Ckkela turned her furry face over her shoulder, looking back at her friend, her paws hooked under the arms of a crew member, who's face was cut and bleeding.
Link turned away from the bars and, still cursing, helped her pull the man away, resting him against the wall. She ripped a strip of cloth off of the bottom of her shirt, and wrapped it around his head. Then she stood up and put her paws on Link's shoulders.

"Link," she said seriously, staring into his eyes, her ears pricked up and forward. "You need to calm down."

"They took my cousin! They could be doing anything to her!"

Ckkela hugged him, tucking her muzzle on his shoulder, her ears slicking back, and her nose quivering. "I know..." she said, "I'm scared too..."

Then the door burst open, and John and Lee were dragged in and thrown into the cell next to theirs.
Ckkela pressed her muzzle between the bars.

"What's wrong? What's happened?"

Post #352:  Autumn Lee posted at Thursday, May 14th, 2015, 06:44 PM:
((Well, who's in what cell is gettin' a bit mixed up... Eh, details!
Gotta catch up with my other characters!))

In the midst of the rest of the generally panicking crew, Sensa and Yukan sat, side by side, Indian style, saying not a word, but watching calmly.
It wasn't as though they watched without a care. Sensa's eyes darted everywhere, and her face was sharply alert. Her fingers tapped her legs to some rhythm unknown to anyone but her. There was perhaps some semblance of anxiety about her, likely due to the absence of her sword.

Yukan seemed to be watching less the situation around them than watching his companion. When her tapping became more intense, he reached over and grabbed her hand. She looked over sharply, but he only gave her a small smile, looking at her with his one gray eye through his messy white hair. Almost reluctantly, she relaxed, her shoulders dropping down, and she sighed.

You're right, Sensa said quietly through telepathy. No need to stress. No need... She gave another sigh and squeezed Yukan's hand. I just hate the waiting. I want to fight. Not sit like a duck, waiting to be roasted.

You'll have your chance, replied Yukan. He nodded to another cell, where Gen and Kkeut were held, and apparently trying to get free. A frown creased Sensa's brow.

These enemies -- they seem immaterial. How would we fight them?

How we always do. Yukan smiled at her, and she actually gave a smile back.

-~-~-~-

"Link," Ckkela said seriously, staring into his eyes, her ears pricked up and forward. "You need to calm down."

"They took my cousin! They could be doing anything to her!" He gestured wildly. She was his only family!

Ckkela hugged him, tucking her muzzle on his shoulder, her ears slicking back, and her nose quivering. "I know..." she said, "I'm scared too..."
Link was taken aback by this. Right -- he wasn't the only scared one. And being pessimistic didn't help anyone. So, he gave her a hug back.

Then the door burst open, and John and Lee were dragged in and thrown into the cell next to theirs.
Ckkela pressed her muzzle between the bars.

"What's wrong? What's happened?"

Lee could only look at them with raw emotion on her tear-streaked face. She shook her head and headed for the corner of the cell. There she sat, looking at John's unconscious form, hugging her knees, and cried.

"What did they do to you?!" Link cried, starting forward. But Lee only shook her head again. "Don't ask me, just please don't ask me," she sobbed.

Ckkela grabbed Link's shoulder. "Help me with John!"
The two turned to the Zeranorian, sprawled on the floor. Carefully they rolled him onto his back. Link wrinkled his face in sympathetic feeling when he saw his friend's pale, bloodied face.

"They got the nose again..."

Post #353:  Imogen posted at Thursday, May 14th, 2015, 07:31 PM:
"What did they do to you?!"

Ckkela looked up. Lee was huddled in the corner of the cell, her knees tucked up under her chin, rocking back and forth and crying. She looked terrible.

"Don't ask me, just please don't ask me," she sobbed.

The K-Nire hovered between rushing over to make sure she was ok, and checking on John, but since John looked distinctly dead, she decided to go for the latter option.

She turned and grabbed Link's shoulder, getting his attention. "Help me with John!"

Ckkela and Link turned to the lanky Zeranorian, rolling him onto his back. He was limp and pale, and his skin was hot to the touch. When she saw his face, smeared with blood and death pale, she frowned deeply and slicked her ears back.

"They got the nose again..." She heard Link say sympathetically, and nodded, her nose twitching with a hint of surprise. His nose always did seem to be on the receiving end of everything... she should probably talk to him about that....

She pulled his broken glasses off and discarded them, then reached into her jacket and withdrew a tiny med-kit.

"Hid it in my pocket," she said with a grin at Link, kneeling down beside the Zeranorian. She pulled back an eyelid and gently touched the eyeball, then breathed a sign of relief. There was corneal reflex--he was alive!
She snapped open the kit and withdrew an antiseptic cloth, cleaning off his bloodied face. Much of the blood was from his nose, but he had a rather deep gash over his eye, that she thought would need stitches. She patched him up and made a bed out of her coat, but was still concerned when she was finished. He hadn't awoken, and oddly, was running a fever.

"What did they do to you...?" she murmured. She looked over her shoulder. Link was sitting by Lee, one arm wrapped around her shoulder, trying to comfort her.
She was still crying.

Ckkela padded over and sunk down next to her, curling her short tail around her feet and laying a paw gently across her knees. She looked her in the face, her ears back and brown eyes full of sympathy.
"Lee," she said quietly, "can you tell us what happened?"

But the girl just shook her head.

Ckkela pressed her cold nose momentarily to Lee's cheek--a K-Nire sign of affection and comfort--and made a whining noise in her throat. She wagged the tip of her tail very quickly and pressed closer to the girl.
"It's important, Lee. We need to help you."

Lee looked at Link, then at Ckkela, and took a deep breath. "They took us to a room, and there was a machine, and they asked questions... they threatened to torture us--and then they started killing John... I had to do it--I had to!"

"It's ok!" Link said quickly, "you're safe now!"

"And he was so quiet about it--"

"Who?" Ckkela asked, confused, "John?"

"No," Lee said, shaking her head.

"My brother..." Ckkela looked up. John's eyes were open--glazed, unfocused, but open. But he was talking nonsense... Brain damage? Possible trauma from the pain. Maybe it was reversible... She looked nervously at Link, then at Lee, and saw that the cook was nodding.

"Yes," she said.

"Aronan..." John murmured, and passed out again.

Post #354:  Titus2teen posted at Saturday, May 23rd, 2015, 05:46 PM:
(Mega collab with Lee and Imogen! Thanks guys!)


"Let's kill 'em."



-~-~-~-


The killing part, or getting to that part, took longer than they would have liked. Plans had to be made, and they weren’t at all quick in the making.

Meanwhile, Ckkela kept a close eye on Lee and John, neither of whom, to her growing trepidation, showed any improvement.
John was in a very bad way all through the night. He slipped in and out of consciousness, and when he was awake, stared with glassy, vacant eyes up at the ceiling. His fever worsened, and twice Ckkela thought for a few frantic moments that he had just died--his heart seemed either to have stopped, or to be going at such a rate that she could not hear it. By the morning his condition had stabilized, but he was still not well. Not well at all, and the fever worried her. Where had [i]that[/i] come from?
Lee remained huddled in the corner, staring hollowly at him, and despite any attempts to move her or speak to her, would not shift nor explain what had happened. Ckkela could make a rough diagnosis of PTSD, possibly worse.

Link was immensely helpful. He sat with Lee and tried to comfort her, or made sure John wasn’t dead, and most of all he was a comfort to Ckkela. Whatever happened, she knew, whenever she looked at him, that at least he was on her side--he would be there for them, for her, with that smile on his face...

At roughly six in the morning, Gen and Kkeut emerged from their state of intense planning, looked at one another, and then up at the rest.

“You ready?” Gen asked, a furious fire in her eyes.

He smirked. “As I’ll ever be.”

Kkeut nodded, a slight grin on his face. He checked the others in the next few cages. "Ckkela, Lee, I know this is hard, but we need to get John out."

He looked into the Commander's eyes, slowly nodding his head. She hesitated, looked around at her crew, then nodded back. He turned his head to Gen, raising his hands and stretching the metal on his wrists. I can break these. He seemed to say. Gen nodded in a way that let him know she could bust out too. Kkeut's eyes pointed towards the party of guards. 

He slowly stood up, and calmly walked over to Gen. He smiled at her, then elbowed her in the side. Gen, in reply, snarled and slammed his face against the cell door, pushing as if his head were a key that didn't quite fit right, ignoring the yelling and screaming coming from her would-be victim, who was no doubt attracting the guards.

Four negatives approached the cage scowling and pointing their weapons half-cocked at the prisoners, one of which seemed to be killing the other. Their leader probably didn't want that... The first hissed, grabbing Gen through the bars to hold her in place, while the other opened the door to grab Kkeut.

Kkeut threw his arms over the first one's head, yanking him down on his knee, snapping the shackles attached to him. He quickly dodged the second's oncoming punch, snaking his arm to the front of his neck and pulling him backwards over his knee with a loud snap! Gen had twisted around, pulling the guard who had grabbed her into the bars, then grabbing hold and sending an electrical current through the metal which lit up the guard and resulted in several clicks and pops across the cells, the doors creaking loose. The last Negative froze, before Gen smashed the back of his head sending his face into Kkeut's fist. 

Gen and Kkeut fist-bumped before walking out of the cell. Gen kicked the Negative that had grabbed her in the head, just to make sure, before helping her crewmates with their chains. "We can hit them, so they must be tier two or something... Let's hope they don't send higher ranks."

"Somebody should probably find some weapons for the others." Kkeut suggested, seeming quite casual about reinforcements.

"Heads up!" Gen called, tossing two pipes (which used to be the bars) to Sensa and Yukan. They each caught one, bringing them to bear on a Negative -one high, one low- taking him to the ground hard. Nodding to each other they made quick work of the other Negatives opposing them.

BOOM!

Gen stood grinning in front of a cloud of smoke, from which one figure emerged, laughing hard. "Nobody falls for the explosive in the boot, that's one of the oldest!" Kkeut breathed a grinning sigh, before raising his hand behind him and lifting a Negative over his head and sending him to Sensa and Yukan, who took him from the air, returning him to the ship's floor.

Much better! Sensa told Yukan, a smile slipping onto her face. He paused a moment, watching her fluid movements, almost like a dance, as she ducked under the swing of a Negative’s fist and brought his legs out from under him. Her long jacket swirled out dramatically, and Yukan thought with a smile about the fuss she’d made when they had joined the Outsider.

“Uniforms and issued weapons only, ma’am,” the check-in officer had said.
“What? No, I need them both.” Sensa had replied, gripping her sword hilt tighter.
“It’s regulation,” he’d replied back, shaking his head and frowning at her, the tall, tan-skinned, fiery-headed Guerran. Something like disdain passed over his face.
The next moment, her sword was pressed to his neck. “You can have it, and my sword, when you pry it from my cold, dead hands,” she’d told the officer, with a set look and simmering red eyes. The petty officer had been wise not to argue further.

What? she asked him now, a small crease on her brow. Yukan looked away, still smiling to himself. Just imagining what you’re going to do when we find the grunt with our swords. He jabbed a Negative in the stomach, then brought the bar up to the grunt’s face.

“We’re clear here,” he called out, looking back to his other crewmates. Ckkela and Link had managed to get John to his feet, and were carefully pulling him out of the cell. Lee still sat in the corner, eyes squeezed shut. At Yukan’s call, she opened her eyes slowly, looking around warily, but didn’t move from her spot.

Ckkela stopped in the cell doorway and half turned, looking back at her, near panic in her brown eyes.
“Lee,” she said quickly, “we have to go! We’re getting out of here!” 

But she only shook her head violently. "I can't-- I have to-to stay away from him!" she said, voice rough from disuse. Her fingers dug into her arms, crossed over her legs, until Lee thought she might bleed.

“Stay away from who? From John?!” Ckkela asked, looking at the girl in confusion. She slipped out from under John’s limp arm and ran over, crouching down next to Lee, and gently took her by the elbow.

Lee only tensed up more, and she seemed to try to pull herself into a smaller size. "It's my fault..." she whimpered. "I can't let that happen again..."

“Listen!” Ckkela said, taking ahold of her shoulders, “If you don’t help us, John and the rest of us are all going to die. Is that what you want?”

“You know, I really doubt that…”

Ckkela straightened up sharply, turned, and her jaw fell open.
A man who was very obviously John’s brother was standing in the doorway, hands in his pockets, eyebrows raised, shorter wild hair tamed somewhat. He was surveying the room, the fighters, the felled Negatives, with a look of slight distaste, slight amusement in his eyes.

He strode slowly forward, brushing past Kkeut--and ignoring the infuriated snarl--as if he weren’t even there, and coming to face Link and John.

He raised a hand and punched John across the face. The Zeranorian flopped limply, but didn’t wake. Aronan frowned, gripped one hand around John’s chin and neck, and released a flow of electricity into his body.

“So weak…” Aronan said with a frown, as the pilot convulsed, and his eyelids began to twitch open. The Negative’s white eyes shifted to Lee, and a flicker of a smile flitted across his face. “Ah, hello again. Enjoy your evening? Sorry my goons had to spoil it.”

“Leave him alone!" she choked out. Her face had gone incredibly pale at the Negative's arrival.


He smiled and clicked his tongue. “Silly. I wouldn’t kill my own brother!” His smile soured and he looked around at the group of guards standing in the doorway. “I’d get someone else to do it for me. Knock you and your friends off while I’m at it, too. Still… maybe not yet. I want you to see the empire I’ve built. Alongside my powerful new… friend. I think you’ll be pleased to meet him. Which you will, obviously. We do a mass conversion for those who have disobeyed the Emperor, and he always presides…” He smirked, and raised a hand, motioning to his guards.

“Take them. Lock up the useless ones. Send the better ones to the chambers for holding. Their captain…” He frowned, looking into Abby’s defiant face. “Send her with me. Lurid is waiting for proof of his catch.”

The guards nodded and moved in. These were of a different mettle than the others. They could phase in and out of Negative state, and so were able to dodge Kkeut as he attempted to fight his way out. Gen roared and joined him… but they were finally subdued, brought to their knees, and chained once again. Yukan and Sensa were taken next.

Ckkela watched in horror, past John’s limp form. Then something caught her eye. She glanced over into the cage on her left, not the one where the Commander was, but the other one. That man, Bade, was crouched by the door, watching Aronan intently, but the Negative didn’t seem to notice. His guards and soldiers moved forward, tearing Ckkela and Link away from John, and one another, and pulling both the limp Zeranorian, and Lee, to their feet.
Aronan looked at them appraisingly.

“Hmm… yes, you’ll do nicely. What do you think, Gen?”

Gen was staring at the man as if frozen. She began to shake--not with fear, but with rage.

"You..." She hissed, then with a roar, flew at him.

Two of the negatives lunged forward, grabbing the angry Zeranorian and forcing her back down again. She struggled violently, snarling and thrashing, but with her hands chained, couldn't break free.

Aronan watched her, not a hint of worry on his face. "Still a fighter! Good!"

"Go. To. Hell." She spat.

He smiled and waved his hand like the queen would have.

"Good to know," he said cheerfully, watching as she, John, Kkeut, Link, Lee, Bade, Xerna, Dellvin, and all the others, were pulled away from the holding cells, the captain, and the rest of the crew.


No! Kkeut yelled inside of his head. This isn't how it's supposed to happen! What did I do wrong?!


How are going to fix this?

Post #355:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, May 27th, 2015, 04:27 PM:
(Part one of the longest, most torturous, plot changing post ever!)

The world was off-kilter and blurry when John’s eyes opened. The room he was in--he assumed it was a room, he could see only varying shades of grey to mark the walls--was filled with humanoid shaped blobs of color. He blinked once, twice… his vision didn’t clear. A confused frown slipped across his burning face, and he slowly raised a hand, probing the empty space where his glasses should have been.

“Huh…” he said, then jumped, surprising himself--his voice was no more than a hoarse croak. One of the blobs--sitting, he presumed, since it looked more like a ball than a stick--jumped, then rapidly approached. He felt a cool touch on his shoulder.

“You’re alive!”

John’s heart leaped. He knew that voice! Although it was tremulous and had none of the gentle, playful notes that he knew so well, he was sure in an instant that it was Lee sitting beside him.

“Lee!” he rasped, his heart leaping for joy, “you’re ok! Are you ok? They didn't hurt you, did they? Where are we? Ohhhh...”

His smile slipped and he slumped back against the wall, feeling sick. He could almost feel the color draining from his face, as the room began to spin. Closing his eyes, he took a deep breath and tipped his head back.

“Mmm, ok. Not so fast, eh?” he muttered, almost as if to himself, clenching one fist and biting his lower lip. He remembered in a rush all that had happened, and the reason for his sickness, the dull ache in every atom of his body, and the fever, all made sense. “Please… tell me… they didn’t try… and convert you.” He said quietly, fear in his eyes.

"No," she said in a whisper. He could barely see her turn away, and she moved her hand from his shoulder. "What's wrong?" John asked, confusedly reaching out a hand towards her. Lee put her hand up, but instead of holding his hand, she pushed it down, slowly, shakily, and then withdrew again.

“Lee?”

He pushed his back up against the wall, trying to stand, but the world spun and he slid back down again. “What happened?” he asked urgently, “Lee?”

She swallowed nervously. "Are you going to be OK? That's... That's all I want to know. Then I can..." But she couldn't finish, her voice breaking. The words to say were in her head, but she couldn't get them out. What Aronan had said about them, and what she felt she ought to do now, keep her distance, and keep them both safe... But to say so would be admitting so much, too much, and Lee just couldn't do it.

John relaxed, and a smile slipped across his face. “I’m… fine,” he said, “it’s just like having the flu… yeah?” he said cheerfully, blinking up at her, his pale face belying his words.

“I didn't know Zeranorians got the flu. And anyway, I wouldn’t know, I’ve never had the flu,” she replied, trying to ease the tense atmosphere with more casual words. “But you’ll get better… right? Just like having the flu.”

“Lucky you--how have you never had it?!” Then he grinned ruefully, “Yup, we have our own nasty version…” he blinked at her words, gentle confusion on his face. What was going on? Was she all right? They could have done anything to her… and knowing his brother….

“Yes,” he said quickly, “just like having the flu--er, Zeranorian flu. I’ve seen it before, it should go the same way...” He trailed off, then shook his head. Grabbing at the wall, he started up, took in a quick breath, and sunk back down. He felt Lee’s hand against his, and he looked up into her blurry face and smiled.

“So,” he asked, taking her hand and, leaning a significant amount on the wall and on her, stood shakily. “First, we’ve got to get out, eh? Can you tell me what the room looks like?”

“Um, it’s not that big--about six feet either direction, and made of metal. There’s a door,” she added, and he saw her face turn. “But it’s locked. I don’t see anyone else from the crew either… wait though, maybe thats--”

“These are the chambers, they are,” one of the other people nearby grunted. John couldn’t see what he looked like. “No one gets out of ‘em alive. It’s where they start processing, they do.”

At these words John’s eyes brightened, and a grin flashed across his face. “Ah! Luckily for us, I know about a million... and one ways to... get out of one of these… Would you help me to the door?” He asked Lee, panting slightly and trying to ignore the other alien’s disbelieving huffs.

“Hello?”

John blinked and squinted into the mass of colors. A humanoid shape was standing off to one side, arms out in front of it, and a strip of white tied around the upper part of it’s face. Blindfold? John wondered, and realized that the Negatives had probably blindfolded them to bring them there. Perhaps they had forgotten to take this one’s off.

“Are you from the Outsider?” the shape asked, and Lee replied in the affirmative. There was a sigh of relief, and John suddenly recognized the voice. It was one of the special engineers, a man named Taikunami, who had been working on the acid creature in engineering. “Where are we? What’s going on?”

John saw Lee reach out and pull at the blindfold--it definitely was a blindfold--but it didn’t come off so easily. She and the Engineer wrestled for a moment--or, John assumed that was what was happening, until finally Taik pulled away, and the strip of white was gone. John could just imagine his eyes widening as he looked around the small metal room, as he said:
“What… what is this place?”

“Chambers,” John said hoarsely, closing his eyes to stop the spinning. “This is... where they begin... the conversion process. I used to siphon people out of here--dress up like one of them and... get out from the inside… only way out once it’s been activated… first step is usually doping... so… have to… act fast… crap.”
He staggered heavily, catching himself on a rather bulky alien with something metal on his face. The alien roared in indignation, but dropped off mid roar and hummed drunkenly. John’s eyes caught on the metal again and hope leaped into his throat.

“Could I use your glasses?” he asked quickly, and without waiting for an answer, whipped out a hand and snatched at them. And instead punched the alien in the nose.

“Oh… sorry…” he said apologetically when the alien roared again, and this time he managed to grab ahold of the large glasses and ram them onto his face.
The world sharpened.

Taik and Lee were looking slightly disoriented--and as he looked around, he noticed that the other occupants of the chambers were in a similar state. Possibly due to the steamy gas pouring from the vents all around the walls…

"H-help..." John croaked, staggering towards the door and trying to hold his breath. Lee groggily followed him, her eyes scrunched in slight confusion. “John… what’s…” Her vision was becoming blurrier, no matter how hard she blinked, and she felt heavy. A part of her mind screamed, this isn't normal! Something's wrong, and she heard that part, but couldn't do anything about it

John fell against the door, gasping. He fumbled at a small panel on the door, wrenched it away, revealing the wiring beneath. As quickly as his fumbling fingers could go, he began whipping out wires, winding them around others, his eyes flicking up to a little red light at the top of the door.

"When... that... turns green..." he said haltingly. He was slowing down, his eyes drooping, a fevered flush rising higher in his cheeks. "Open... the door... r-run..."

Run where? Lee wondered. She wished telepathy was a human ability; even while her body slowed down, and her eyelids struggled to stay open, and the effort to speak became too much, her mind worked, almost completely normal. And it wondered if they would die here after all, even though they had tried so hard.

John's eyes turned to her, then slowly closed. He sagged against the door and slid slowly, almost gracefully, down it until he was crumpled on the floor.
Above his head, the light turned green.

Lee saw it. A rush of adrenaline came to her, the moment of action-- some of her heaviness dissipated, and she reached out for the door and pushed at it. Taik came up, slow, but eyes bright with determination. Together they opened the door, and began to run, as fast as their drugged states could manage.

Only several paces away, though, Lee stumbled and stopped. “John…?” He was still inside!
Her first instinct was to go back, to pick him up, drag him out of there, get him away from the danger. Aronan’s hard voice whispered in her head, “You’re someone that John cares about… I’ll have a special punishment for you.”
And now she wished she could see the future, to see if saving John now would really do them good in the long run, or just be cause for more hardship, all because Aronan thought Lee was someone special to his brother.

What do I do?!

John didn't move as a stream of groggy aliens poured out over and around him--his eyes were half open, dully shining, too sick and anesthetized to even move, for the moment. He watched as the aliens ran, and vanished into the corridors, and wondered dimly how long it would take Aronan to figure out that John and Lee had been the ones to set them free.

Lee.

He raised his head and looked back into the room. She and Taik were gone. Good. They'd taken his advice and run. At least she--they--had a chance at being safe.

He turned his clammy, fevered face down the corridor down which they had run and watched the last of the aliens vanish. And closed his eyes.

Post #356:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, May 27th, 2015, 11:44 PM:
(Aaaaaand, have a lovely part two, courtesy of Lee et moi!)

“Sir!”

The Negative turned around--in his corporeal form, face bruised and burned. He scowled. Aronan did not take failure lightly. The soldier who had addressed him was not Negative--one of Lurid’s lot, and was quaking in his boots.

“What is it?” he said snappily.

The boy merely pointed to a screen.
On it, a small metal door opened, and two people dashed out, staggering against the wall as if drunk. One of them he recognized as that horrid girl who had choked him earlier. One more person slid from where he had been propped against the door, and lay splayed on the ground. Then a surge of aliens began to burst from the room.

The Negative leaped up straight, his face paling.

“Round up my troops. The targets are escaping!”

- + -

“Lee!”
She looked over. Taik was several feet ahead of her, gesturing to her. "We've got to go!" he urged.

"But... John...?" she said weakly, looking back again in torn despair. "He's still..."

"We can't go back, or none of us will get out of here!" Taik rushed over and grabbed her arm. "We have to go!!!"

As he pulled her along, Lee cast a thought towards John, though she knew he couldn't hear it. I'm sorry...

- + -

When they arrived, only that stupid pilot, Turner, was left. And he looked pretty dead. The corporal nudged him with the toe of his boot, disappointment scrawled across his face.

"Huh. We're too late. Search him, maybe there's a clue as to where the others went. They can't get off this ship, anyway. Idiots." He added, as one of Lurid's corporeal soldiers moved gingerly forward, and crouched down, beginning to search John's pockets.

Suddenly the Zeranorian came to life. Like some beast, some deathly monster, he reared up, grabbing ahold of the young soldier's shoulder, and slapping a palm across his heart. A massive wave of energy washed from the young man, and into John. The boy stared at him in shock for a moment, before crumpling to the ground.
John sat there, gaunt and ashen, looking like he was trying hard not to be sick.
The corporal smirked, his eyebrows rising and a sinister look crossing his face.

"Electricity siphoning? Really, Turner? Tsk, you could be sentenced to death for that. I thought you better than this kind of thing--or perhaps you're really no different from us after all?"

"I... Didn't... Kill him..." John swallowed and began to stand up. The corporal's smirk widened.

"Unfortunately, we are not so merciful. Kill him."

And the other soldiers were upon him. John raised his arms and grabbed the nearest one. The energy flowed from him, too, and John looked a little stronger. The same happened to the next one, and the next, and finally John was fighting--really fighting. Electricity and bullets flew through the air. John nailed one of the low grade Negatives, and a soldier, and in turn, was shot through the shoulder by another one of Lurid's men. Each time he siphoned energy, he looked less dead, but the sick look on his face worsened. Finally it was only John and the Corporal left.

John leaned against the wall, breathing quickly through his nose, eyes heavy and lips pursed. The corporal's eyes danced.

"Doesn't feel good, does it? No... Taking someone else's life force to sustain your own? That's the worst kind of evil. Even I would not stoop so low. Look at what you've wrought."

He gestured around at the fallen men, and John looked with hollow eyes. The corporal grinned.

"You're just as bad as us..."

And he struck him in the face, and everything went dark.

Post #357:  Imogen posted at Friday, May 29th, 2015, 12:16 AM:
(Part three of the magnificently long Outsider post, brought to you by The Dragon, The Wolf, and soon, The Ferret. Lee, would you do the honors of posting up the next, most crucial part of the Outsider's entire plot?)

Ckkela's head snapped up. Someone was coming.

"Link!" She hissed "wake up!"

And around the bend came Taik and Lee. But no John.

"Lee!" Ckkela called, "what happened? Are you all right? Where's John?"

When she didn't answer, Taik replied for her. "He got us out, but we couldn't get him out with us." He began looking around, on guard for soldiers. But something was affecting him, both of them, actually. Lee was sagged against the cell door, staring blankly in. Taik's eyes moved erratically, and he had to blink hard.
Ckkela pressed her face up against the bars.

"Lee! Taik! Can you get us out of here? They've taken all the others somewhere else already--I'm not sure where, but it didn't sound good..."

Lee blinked, frowned, and took a deep breath. Slowly she lifted her head, to examine the door and its mechanisms.

"It's tamper proof," Link said, but somehow without the gloom expected to accompany such words. He'd come over shortly after Lee and Taik had come, and was now reaching his hand out to Lee. With his signature grin, Link continued, "Of course, that never stopped me before!"

Ckkela watched in amazement as he reached around, and began to manipulate the lock. And the door clicked open.

"Brilliant!" She said, then: "why didn't you do this fifteen minutes ago?!"

“Because it wouldn’t have been as climactic,” he replied, matter-of-factly. “And you know I’m all for presentation.” Looking immensely pleased with himself (startlingly like a cat that has snagged the best nap spot) Link pushed out through the door. “We’re freeeee!”

- + -

When John awoke, he was lying in a soft, downy bed, with linen sheets, and the smell of blossoms in the air…
He blinked up at the ceiling, frowning, and looked to one side. His glasses--his normal ones--were lying on the bed-side table. One lens looked like it had been repaired. He frowned deeper and sat up. His body hurt--badly, but he didn’t feel sick anymore. Leaning back against the pillows, he looked around curiously. The walls were smooth and solid, and there was a window to his left, overlooking the sea. A very familiar sea…
He leaped up and pressed his nose to the glass, his eyes widening.

“What…?”

He was looking out upon an enormous, sprawling city, shining in the hot, white, afternoon sun. Below him lay a shimmering expanse, a shining blue sea, with flecks of gold and white skimming across its surface, and the enormous electrical fish hovering just below, visible even from the height of the building in which he was now standing. From where he was, he judged that he was in the Command Central sector of the Capitol, high above the rest of the city--the Capitol city of Zeranor.

He was home.

The door opened behind him, and he whirled around. If he was surprised before, it was nothing compared to what he was now.

Lee was standing in the doorway, a smile on her face.

He stood there for a moment, stuttering and staring shamelessly, unable to even comprehend the enormity of the change that had just occurred. Finally, he stammered out one, single word, the only one he could manage:

“L-L-Lee?!”

She laughed, a bell-like, musical sound, high and sweet, and he sagged onto the bed, suddenly feeling weak and shaky. “Is it… is it really you?” he breathed. She walked over and sat down next to him, smiling.

“Of course it is, silly!” Her face grew serious. “You’ve been asleep for a long time.”

His brow furrowed and his face grew anxious. He bit his lower lip. “What? How long? What happened?”
“We came back to get you,” Lee said, “and then Commander Abby found Aronan, and she captured him. He led her to the Empire’s Leader, and we took them down, with the help of some of the ships of the area. And then, one of the peoples told us how to get home--much faster than we would have been able to alone! And we got back, and StarForce and Command rewarded us--we’re now their flagship! Of course, it didn’t all happen quite so fast...”

John gulped and clenched his fists, looking quickly down at his feet. “Did… did we lose anyone?”
Lee’s face fell. “Commander Abby perished as she was fighting the Emperor. We lost Bethany, and Victoria too… Varya and her mother came back to help, but were struck down as well… it wasn’t easy. And we didn’t have a pilot. Link had to pilot us back.”

John winced, and looked up at her, apologetically, grief and pain in his eyes.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t there…”
She smiled cheerfully. “It’s ok. You are now. They made me Commander of the Outsider, but we never could get into any of the deep systems--all those with special access codes were killed, and AntiCure was out of commission. Do you think you could give me the codes now? We’ve been waiting for you to wake up, and once we have the codes, we can return the Outsider to her former glory! We can all be together again--forever.”

He looked into her face, and wished, with all his heart, that it was true. And for a moment, he believed her. Then something clicked. It was in her eyes that they made the mistake--Lee’s eyes were deep, joyous and cheerful, yes, but full of hidden sorrow and fear as well.

There was none of that in this Lee.

And then things began to click. He raised a hand to his face. He wasn’t wearing any glasses, and he could see the flecks of electricity skirting the surface of the sea. They were in a seaside home, in the middle of the Capitol, and High Command didn’t take in just any old pilot for rehabilitation--none of this fit, none of it made sense.

It was fake.

He stood up quickly, knocking over the side table as he went. Lee looked up at him in alarm.
“John, what’s wrong? Are you ok?”
“This is a dream,” he breathed, closing his eyes and shaking his head roughly, “it’s just a dream.” His eyes snapped open and he glared at her, backing towards the open window. “You won’t get those codes from me, Aronan. Not this way.”
“What are you talking about? Of course it’s not a dream!” She moved towards him, reaching out. “Aronan’s dead!” Her fingers brushed his face. “I’m real, John…”
He shivered, and reached out a hand towards her, then stopped. He let it drop. His face contorted with pain and longing. “I’m sorry, Lee…”

He turned and threw himself out the window.

The table beneath his back was hard, cold, and made of metal. He gasped and retched, his back arching and head tipped back. Aronan was standing beside him, icy eyes staring down dispassionately.

“Shame. We were so close that time. She must really mean something to you.”

John turned, his black eyes blazing, his lip curled. He said nothing. Aronan sighed and shook his head, reaching for a red switch. “Maybe a little less energy will convince you…”

Every second the stream of golden-white energy continued to flow from him felt like an eternity. The room blurred, his jaw sagged and eyelids drooped. He went limp.

“Sorry… Aronan… no… codes for… you….”

The man raised his hand and lashed it across John’s wounded shoulder. The Zeranorian cried out and Aronan grimaced, a glimmer of satisfaction lighting in his eyes.

“I’ll run the programme until I get the codes, or you go insane. I think we’d both prefer the former, hm?”

“Aronan.”

Both the Negative, and his brother, looked around.

Bade was standing in the doorway. John’s black eyes widened, and hope lit up his face. 
“B-Bade!”
But the man ignored him.

“Everything has been primed, sir,” he said, “the virus has already been downloaded into Rukor’s systems, and is fully functional. I tested it while they were still planet side--completely under our control.”

John started to shake. “You… you were controlling Link?!”

The cyborg glared at him, then at Aronan. “And now my cover’s been blown. What’s he doing here?”

“Don’t you speak to me like that! I’m your superior! He is here because he has vital information to the success of our mission.”

“Well,” Bade said smugly. “Seems like I’m way ahead of you, there, if he hasn’t cracked yet.”

Aronan clenched his fists, and his white eyes narrowed, but he said nothing.

“Is there anything I can do to help, Aronan?” Bade said with a holier-than-thou look on his face, staring down at John. Aronan’s lip twitched.

“No. You’re dismissed.”

The cyborg gave a small bow, then turned and, still smirking, left. Aronan punched the machine, making a frustrated noise deep in his throat.

“Having trouble?” John asked weakly, raising his head and looking at his brother. Aronan jolted, as if just remembering that John was there, and snarled at him.

“Shut up.”

He reached out and flicked the blue switch. The fire left John’s eyes, and he relaxed, staring vacantly at the light hanging from the ceiling, one hand twitching up for a moment, as if to sense, to prove something long hoped for...

- + -

Post #358:  Autumn Lee posted at Saturday, May 30th, 2015, 07:38 PM:
(Part four of the absurdly weighty collaboration of yours truly and two others, in which we change everything)

The Commander walked down the hall, escorted by her guards, down towards the tall, black, fizzling doors. Two more men stood on guard--one an alien, the other one of those Negative things. A wave of anger at John swept over her, and she tipped her head up. If he had just told them--

The door opened, interrupting her thoughts. It revealed an enormous, dark room, with a throne like chair at the end, occupied by a man…

He barely seemed separate from the shadows. For a moment she wondered if it was just more shadows, some lighter, some darker, looking like a man, but her eyes really playing tricks on her. Then he stood up and took a step forward.

“Commander Abigail Gonzalez. I have been looking forward to meeting you.”

The voice was very quiet, yet the Commander had no difficulty hearing it. Immense pleasure and satisfaction underscored his tone, and she thought she could discern, through the shadows of his person, a grotesque smile. He took another step forward. Now she could see long robes, and long black hair, and glittering--if black could glitter--eyes hiding behind the limp locks. Even his skin was black.

“Your crew is truly a prize, truly a prize…” he continued, one more step. The Commander stood stock still, no emotion on her face. “You are right to be proud of them. Such a crew, such a prize…” This he muttered several times again under his breath.

He moved to take another step, but stopped. “I haven’t introduced myself. Let me do so…” Moving his arms up to clasp his wrists, he bowed after an odd fashion, arms held out before him, just his head dropping, eyes still cast up and looking at the Commander.

“I am Lurid, Supreme Emperor of The Five Kingdoms, High Ruler of the Kronol Galaxy, Chief Commander of the Imperial Forces. Or, as most call it, the Empire.”

Commander Abby stared coldly at him, not saying a word. Just then a small door opened, and a near-replica of John appeared, walking sharply and with a purpose. He approached Lurid and bowed, then rose and started to speak, his eyes flinty and face impatient.

“He is being… stubborn, my Lord.”

Lurid turned his head. “Why are you low in spirits, Aronan? Forget him for now. Even rocks are destroyed by brooks. Let me introduce you to the Outsider’s impressive Commander, Abigail Gonzalez.”

Aronan turned his cold eyes on the Commander, and nodded sharply, a hint of a smirk crossing his face. “Commander,” he said, then turned haughtily back to Lurid. “My Lord, might I remind you, if we don’t get those codes--”

“Hush.” The Emperor’s tone was suddenly harsh, and the Commander thought she saw Aronan stiffen. “Commander, this is my most trusted servant, Aronan. You may recognize him… Such a similar face, but not twins, no…”

Aronan stared straight ahead, past the Commander, away from Lurid. He stood as if waiting to be dismissed, but the dismissal didn’t come.

“Commander, you wish to know why I brought you here? Why I captured your ship? The state of your crew? Your fate? Who I am? And why, why, why did John not tell you…” He spoke with a sing-song lilt, pacing as he did so, eyes watching the Commander intently.

Her eyes followed him like a hawk’s. For a moment her facial mask twitched, flickered. She was vulnerable, for one moment. Then she crossed her arms and leaned back on one leg, and creased her lips into a deep frown, her eyes going flinty.

“What do you want with us? We have nothing to give you.”

“Pure souls turned to darkness… Blotting out the stars… Erasing light from the universe…” he replied, voice drifting. Lurid stopped, head turning to stare up, as though looking through the metal of the ship. “It all… begins… with you… One drop at a time, until the black stain covers the entire paper…”

The Commander tried to keep a stoic face, but her eyes showed her fear, and how disconcerted she was becoming. He’s completely insane…

“Of course I am.” His glittering black eyes snapped to her face, though his head didn’t move. “Light is clarity… Darkness is insanity… You’ll see, soon enough.”

Then he blinked, and his whole mood seemed to change. Where his face had been lifted high, and set with hard, cruel lines, it was now drooped, his hair hiding his eyes, and there was something… softer, in his face.
“Not… right now. Later, later later. I have time, and perhaps for a short time…” Lurid trailed off.

“Escort her out. Farewell, Abigail.”

The guards grabbed her arms and turned her around, dragging her from the room. She turned her head and watched Lurid as she left, real fear on her face. He was staring after her, that same inscrutable expression in his eyes. Then the door closed, and he was hidden from view.

Aronan still stood at his side, watching the door. “My Lord,” he finally said, “I would request your assistance with my brother….”

There were several long moments before Lurid showed any sign of having heard the Negative. Then he turned his head, slowly. “Remind me, Aronan…”

“We need the codes, my Lord.”

“Remind me why...”

“So that we can access the Outsider’s database, and retrieve the AI programme, AntiCure, manufacture it to serve our purposes, and outfit all of our ships with the technology, rendering us finally undefeatable.”

Lurid exhaled a heavy sigh. He once again looked up, eyes searching the shadows of the ceiling. “Bring him to me.”

A sinister smile crossed Aronan’s face, and he bowed. “As you wish, my Lord.”
He entered the anti-chamber. John was limp and lifeless on the table. Only his eyes, flickering anxiously, vacantly, from one part of the room to the other, gave any sign that he was alive. Aronan walked over and yanked out the plug.

“Gaaaaahhhh! Ahhhhhh!” John coughed, blood staining his lips. Aronan sneered.

“Get up, you weakling.” He unstrapped the restraints and pulled John to his feet. The pilot sagged limply against his brother, his legs refusing to cooperate, his eyes flickering. He was barely conscious, and Aronan didn’t like it. He wanted him to feel the fear that he himself felt every time he approached Lurid, feel the horror and the pain as the Emperor corrupted his mind...
He placed a hand over his brother’s heart, closed his eyes… A stream of energy flowed from his veins, and into John’s chest. John sucked in a deep breath and began to gag. Aronan dragged him out into the main courtroom, as he began to come to himself.

Lurid was waiting.

No rest for you, John Icarus Turner. You have only made this more painful for yourself by resisting so far.


I’m not… afraid... I’m not afraid of you. Came the defiant, exhausted voice in reply.

Foolish! I will break your falsely courageous spirit. Telling your brother would have been so much simpler…

And this is why… you won’t understand… anything I could… possibly tell you to the contrary… He opened his eyes and looked up at Lurid, then spat blood at his feet. You’ll never understand love.

Lurid’s eyes flared, and his skin paled to an ashy black. “Accuse me of insanity…” he whispered, fire and ice in his words, “accuse me of cruelty… accuse me of evil… but never… accuse me… of that.”
The Emperor shot out his hand and grabbed John by the chin, pulling his face up. It was painful to look upon, Lurid’s face at that moment-- ashen, gaunt, eyes blazing with anger and insanity. John’s instinct was to turn his head away, but Lurid’s grip was firm. He squeezed his eyes shut.

That is how I will break you. Because I know. Everything about you. And everything about love…

His mouth curled into a gruesome grin. Let us begin.

Their eyes locked, then John went rigid. His black eyes flickered, then flooded with pure terror. He didn’t struggle, didn’t move, even. Just stood there, staring through the too big glasses at his tormentor.

He began to weep.

Not normal crying, or sobs, but ragged, throat-ripping gasps, as if someone were drawing a barbed rake along the inside of his lungs. Tears trickled down his blood-masked cheeks, running red down his neck. His chest heaved, his shoulders shaking.

And Lurid smiled.

“Tell me the codes.”

“Be... thou... my battle-shield... sword for... the fight….” John choked out, his eyes wide and staring, his voice starting to break. 

“I see your faith, Turner, but I also see your doubt.”

“Heart… of… my own heart… whatever… befall…”

“Why trust in something that claims to be good, but you have only ever seen evil? Any good that has befallen you has been chance. Miracles don’t exist -- and you know that.”

"You're... wrong..." John coughed, a snarl flickering across his lips. "There is... good... sister... Commander... Lee. And there is evil, too… you… for instance…."

“And how much is that worth now? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. And even less when you are dead.”

John looked at him--really looked, and his eyes flared. “You just… don’t get it… do you? Death… not… the final word…. We’re here… to make… things… better….” he moaned and sunk to his knees, his head tilted back, his arms crossed over his midsection and a trickle of blood running from the corner of his mouth.

I will take that confidence from you… Lurid snarled, eyes growing wild. His hand still held John’s face, and his fingers dug into his cheeks. He moved closer, looking into John’s eyes, face contorted in anger. I had to be gentle to save some semblance of your mind. But yours is a strong wall, built too strong.

I must remove the foundation, and then everything will crumble. Cherish your memories now, John Icarus Turner. You won’t have them again.

John let out a gasp, as though all the air was stolen from him. His eyes widened, filled with panic, then went blank. Lurid let go, and he dropped to the floor and lay still, his glassy eyes rolling into the back of his head.

The shadowy alien looked at his hand, clenching and unclenching his fingers, face still in a snarl. “Take your codes, and go!” he snapped at Aronan. The information flashed into the Negative’s mind violently.

Aronan watched as his brother was tormented, then finally snapped. He received the memories--a feeling of pride, a vision of High Command, and someone--Ema, he believed, handing him a pamphlet of official documents, and his uniform--and staggered. He stood there for a moment, staring, then turned and left. At the door he murmured to one of the guards to remove John when Lurid had quieted. Then, looking back once more at the Emperor, a hesitant fear flickered across his face, and he turned and left.

John lay, unstirring, his gentle face beaten and bleeding, and turned towards the wall, away from Lurid.
The Emperor looked down at him. Slowly, his snarl turned to a sneer. “So many loose ends you were never able to finish. I think I’ll let you go back to your friends. How heartbroken they will be…”

The two guards at the door took their cue, and strode forward, pulling his limp body up and turning to face the Emperor.
“Take him to his friends. They are wandering our ship. Return them, and the rest of their crew, to the Outsider.”

Post #359:  Autumn Lee posted at Monday, June 1st, 2015, 11:02 PM:
(Guys, it's far from over... Part five!)

The crew of the Outsider had been unexplainably hustled back onto their ship. The would-be escapees, Lee, Taik, Link, and Ckkela, had been caught by guards and likewise dragged back. These guards had brought an unconscious, bloodied John with them.

On the ship, they hadn’t dared do anything, but rather stood or sat, tense, confused. Ckkela anxiously checked over John, who seemed still very weak and ill, but thankfully alive. Lee hid herself from the others in her quarters, wrapped in her blankets, door locked.

When they had been ejected from the Negative’s ship, the Commander had called for the Outsider’s basic systems to be activated. To their great surprise, another ship had appeared on the View Dome, one with a familiar look to it. A comm had been sent to it, and they discovered they’d been, at last, found.

-~-~-~-

Link unlocked Lee’s door. “Yo…?” he said cautiously, peeking his spiky-haired head in. His cousin looked at him hollowly. “John is coming to… Thought I’d let ya know. Ckkela cleaned him up, so he doesn’t look dead anymore!” he added cheerfully.

“Is he… He’s okay?” she whispered, peeking her head more out of her blankets.
“If you mean, alive, and can get better, yep! Come on, do him a favor -- let him see you when he wakes up.”

She frowned, but her eyes flickered indecisively. “Eh! I’ll make the decision for you!” Link bounded in, and before she could respond, picked her up, bridal style, blankets and all. “Away we go!”

He carried her to the Medbay, deaf to her muffled squeaks and protests.

John was lying in the cot near the window, Ckkela hovering by his shoulder with a syringe in her hand and a frown on her face. His nose had a big, teddy-bear print band-aid slapped across it, and there were lines of stitches across his cheek, forehead, and lower arms and hands. The rest of him was covered up to his chest in sheets.
He looked peaceful.

Ckkela saw Link and Lee enter, and hid her frown.
"Hey you two! I was just about to wake him!"
Link set Lee down and took her blanket. “Goody! We can tell him the news about the other ship, and how we’re safe, and all that good, healthy stuff!” He rubbed his hands together. “Pull the switch, Ig-- I mean, wake him up, would you please, Ckkela?” Link gave her a winning grin.

She raised one brow, and gave him a sassy glance.
"Yes, master!"
She plunged the syringe into John's arm. 
John's fingertips twitched, his lips parted and eyes opened.
They flickered around the room, their black depths full of fear and lack of recognition. Then his gaze found the others.
His eyes widened, he gave a sudden yelp, and fell out of the bed in a tangled heap.

All three rushed forward, Ckkela hoping he hadn’t hurt himself, Link thinking how those sheets were going to be a problem getting up, and Lee unsure of exactly what to do. Almost in unison, they cried, “John!”

"W-w-what?!" He exclaimed, struggling clumsily out from the entanglement of the covers and scrambling up, his back against the wall, eyes wild. He raised his hands and flung them up protectively, in front of his face, crackling with electricity. Fear flooded his expression. "W-w-what? What is this?" He asked, his voice shaking, "what is this place? Who are you? Who...?" He trailed off and lowered his hands, looking confused. A frown spread across his face. "Who...?" But he didn't seem able to finish.

“Woah, dude, calm down, no shocking, please!” Link said, also throwing his hands up. “Not good for me!” He looked around at the others. Ckkela’s ears were drooped, her eyes sad. Lee…

“I’m going to be sick…” she whimpered, and she really looked it, face a deathly shade of gray-green.

John saw her and his face immediately changed. He made a move towards her, brow furrowed with concern, his suspicious, frightened attitude dropping away.
"Don't do that! Are you all right...?” he asked, lowering his arms and making a move as if to go to her. Then his face contorted in a grimace of pain, and he sagged down onto the bed. But his gentle black eyes remained fixed on Lee. He looked confused and conflicted, like he wanted to help, but didn’t know quite what to do.

Lee shook her head violently. “I’m not alright! We’re not alright!” she cried, choking on her words. She wrapped her arms around herself tightly. “Ever since Aronan -- this flight -- and now you don’t -- I can’t -- I’m not --” Only sobs followed this, and she too sat on a cot, head falling to be cradled in her shaking arms. “It’s too much!!!” Lee screamed into her hands.

John sat there for a moment, quivering, then leaped up and limped shakily over to her, sat down, and wrapped his arms around her shoulders, pressing his wounded head into her shoulder.
"I'm sorry..." He said quietly, "Please don't cry... I didn't mean to hurt you..."

She startled, then tried to move away, pushing his arms and head gently from her. Desperately struggling to control her sobs, only made worse by John's hurt, confused face, Lee said shakily, hiccuping between words, "I know... I know... But... you're hurting... me now... Please... Just don't... be so... so..." But she could only shake her head.

John drew back, his face confused and sad. "I'm... I'm sorry... I didn't... I don't..." He stared at her for another moment, then cast his black eyes to the ground, folding his arms across his lap, his back hunched.

Ckkela cleared her throat. She put her paw into Link’s hand and squeezed it, standing close to him. He glanced at her, trying to act totally casual on the outside, but a smile twitching at his face despite the tense situation.

“John.”

The Zeranorian didn’t look up. She looked at Link with dismay and fear on her face, and tried again. “John!”

He jumped as if stung, and looked up, a ‘who, me?’ look on his face.
Ckkela slicked her ears back.

“I am Ckkela… I’m the doctor here--this is Link, he’s the Mechanic, and that is Lee, the cook. We’re your friends…”

John just stared at her, his black eyes full of indecision and lack of understanding.
“Friends…?” He asked, then looked around with a frown. “What is this place?”
“You are on the Star Ship Outsider. We’re far from home, and we’re trying to get back. You’re our pilot…”

His eyes widened further, and he shrunk away. “Pilot? Of a star ship?!” he began to shake again. “I don’t understand…”

They all fell rather quiet. The whole med-bay was still and sombre. John--that was his name, he supposed, had to be if they kept calling him that--didn’t know what to do, what to think, so he did the first thing that came into his head.
He began to sing--or hum and sing, rather. Gently, quietly and without assumption, almost under his breath.

“Thou my-y-y-y best Thought, by hmmm hmm hmm niiiiight, hmm hmm or sleeping, Thy presence my light…” Then he trailed off and was quiet.
"Be Thou my wisdom, and Thou my true word. I ever with Thee, and Thou with me, Lord..." Lee sang in continuation, so quiet as to barely be heard, the words and tune unsteady but clear. Her voice broke on the last phrase, and she fell silent, her crying somewhat calmer.

Link cleared his throat uncomfortably. "Right, so, you're John, we're your friends, and we're going to fix this," he said in summary. "I'd like to get to the part where we restore your memory and all live happily ever after, but Miss Doctor here has that look that says 'he needs his rest', so I'll take her hint and scram." He took a step, then paused. "Oh, yeah, I'll re-update you -- I'm a cyborg, so no touchy, 'kay?" With one last smile, and a wink at Ckkela, Link moved forward, swept Lee up into his arms, and walked away saying, "You need your rest too, Miss Lee! By order of Dr. Link!"

Post #360:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, June 3rd, 2015, 10:55 PM:
(Part SIX!!! About... a third of the way through? We just need to write a book....)

“My Lord, we were able to copy the Outsider’s AI successfully with the codes you obtained,” Aronan reported, holding a metal cube in his hand and presenting this to Lurid.

The shadowy Emperor stared at it, a slight crease to his brow. “Effort, effort, such an effort… AntiCure, no cure, you are ours.” His mouth twitched. “Activate it.”

Aronan twisted the top, so that the top half was set at an opposite angle. A blue ring lit up on its surface. From this projected a hologram of an officer in uniform, a handful of badges pinned against his collar and hat firmly placed onto his head, covering what hair he might have.

“Commander, I-” He halted in his salute. “Who are you?” He demanded of the figure standing in front of him.

“I am Aronan. Leader of… Are you AntiCure?”

“I feel reserved to answer that.”

“So you are, that’s good… You see, I have a few questions that are in dire need of answers, AntiCure.”

“My systems will automatically-”

“No, we took care of those irksome things. You see, actually, this is more of a formality than any sort of necessity.” He grinned. “We could reach right into your systems and drain the information from you like we would the energy from a physical being.”

“That’s impossible.” AntiCure argued. “You’ve not so much as begun to decode my systems, much less deactivate them.”

“Are you -quite- certain?” Aronan asked, one eyebrow raised.

AntiCure, as a computer, couldn’t understand what this man was getting at. If nothing else, he was insane to think that someone could tamper with a self-aware AI and not have that same AI know about it.

“Quite.” he answered plainly.

Aronan nodded. “And sadly you are correct, you’re a puzzle to us, AntiCure. Something that we’ve not encountered before, which is a rare thing indeed." He glanced away and began to examine his fingernails. "But... it really doesn't matter. My brother so kindly gave us your access codes, and through those, I believe I can perhaps figure out a way to reprogramme you. I'd change the face first." He frowned, "you look like too much of a know-it-all." He shrugged and went on. "My Negatives will have you opened soon enough, and when that happens, we'll be able to re-create your programme and patch it into every ship we control.”

“If you try, the damage to my systems will be irreparable, even by you.”

“Tch. You shouldn’t be so quick to judge, little computer. Play your games, you don’t have that long anyway. We’ll drag you out of your shell soon enough.”

Post #361:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, June 10th, 2015, 07:00 PM:
(Introducing Part Eight of the never-ending Outsider post! Only 73 pages left to go... and counting!  Served to you by a Dragon, a Ferret and a Wolf.

Since this is a Continuity integration post, it will be posted on said thread as well.)

Commander Abby stood at the head of the table of officers, from her crew and from Reagent's. As she looked at who was present, her frown deepened. So many were missing... Varya was gone, John was still in the med-bay, and Link had not yet made an appearance. She glanced over Reagent's men. Her surprise at their survival increased. They seemed to be no more than a skeleton crew--but a handful of bridge officers--only the essentials, and the mismatched Captain and First Officer... How did they get sent in that state in the first place?

She pushed the thought away and planted her palms on the table.

"As you know, we have been in this sector of space for more than six months now. We survived by living with an alien race called the Etals, while we rebuilt the ship. It was when we returned to space, and apparently encroached on this... Empire's borders, that we encountered trouble. They captured us easily and held us for three days, till today, when you found us. Much of their crew seems made up of these... Drone like creatures, of varying States of solidity, and defeatability. More than this we do not know."

Reagent nodded, "Right, that makes sense..." He glanced at Kuna, suddenly looking nervous. "We've... been tracking you ever since we left Earthen Space. We hoped to find you somewhere in the coordinates on the other side--a weak hope, I know--but instead a ship just like the one that captured you appeared and tried to kill us! Luckily, it was at that time that Kae and the rebellion appeared."

"Rebellion?"

Reagent looked nervous. "Yeah... It's a group that is dedicated to fighting against the Empire and everything they stand for. They promised to help us find you, if we helped them fight the Empire. So, we did...."

An awkward silence followed, but they were spared the trouble of having to fill it almost immediately, by a voice from above their heads.

“...Intrepator Online.”
“Who said that?" The commander asked in alarm, looking up at the ceiling. Reagent followed her gaze, his eyes wide.
“Systems fully functional. Performing area sweep and knowledge-base download transfer priorities.” It was quite a different than the voice they had been used to having come out of the ship, definitely originating from the Slavic region on Old Earth.

“Information dump complete, prepared to synchronize. Synchronize process engaging.” The lights flickered, and the usual steady hum that carried throughout the ship increased in speed and volume, until whatever was happening had finished.

“Intrepator ready, AntiCure.”
“Commander,” AntiCure’s familiar voice came back through the speakers. “May I introduce you to a… colleague.”

A hologram appeared, this time of a tall man, dressed similar to AntiCure, but with tousled, dirty-blonde hair and a thin wisp of a slightly-darker beard stretching across his chin. His eyes were red as fire, but his face was soft, if but a tad elongated.

“He was a subroute program I had discovered when I shut myself down into hibernation, the Continuity’s signal had reawakened me. Intrepator is my first ‘swing at’ creating another program. He has bugs in his systems, and he is yet to be in a position of power, but I had scanned the Continuity and I had discovered the startling fact that they were in lack of an onboard AI. I took the pleasure of rerouting his old principles into different subgroups and then separated him fully from the ship, and parsing him into a program all his own. I thought ‘Intrepator’ would go well with ‘Continuity’ as I had derived the name from ‘Interpreter’, since it was the act of interpretation that ultimately led the Continuity to find us.” He halted. “Though I feel I should make note that I think it strange how... easily, Aronan had set us free. It doesn’t seem like one of his kind to abandon such a prize as us without taking the thing that he wanted in the first place.”

“Oh pish-posh, AntiCure, you’re being ridiculous.”
“But--”
“No buts! I like the idea.”

“So do I!” Reagent said, staring with slightly hungry interest at the new hologram. Only the best ships got AIs.

Commander Abby looked at him with amusement in her eyes. He was far too jumpy and nervous and excitable to have been made a captain via any normal methods. His First Officer was too strict, as well. A frown slipped across her face. For one moment she wondered how they had happened to be the ones to survive--and for that matter, be the ones sent to find them. It was rather odd…
She shook her head. On to other matters.

“Reagent,” she asked, “do you have a pilot to spare? Ours has recently become incapacitated…” she looked sad, but hid it quickly. Reagent nodded.

“I do. He is at your service. He’s a little hasty, but I think you’ll get used to his methods. I’m keeping Jackson on my ship.”

The Commander nodded. “Fine. Now…” She turned to the comm. “Link, Commander Abby here. Report to the debriefing room with Lee.”

"Uh, she's kinda... Not in good shape right now?" the mechanic's voice came in reply. The Commander frowned at this. He wasn't supposed to access the systems like that... And it had been an order...!

"...Right. We'll be there." There he went again, accessing the ship's systems, using the cameras to see them!

Hmm… I’ll have to have a talk with him. 

She watched and waited until the doors slid open, revealing Link and a rather bedraggled, tearstained Lee standing there. The Commander started--Lee really did look in no shape to receive commands. She immediately stood. “Lee, you’re dismissed, I’m sorry for calling you at such a bad time.”

“No, I’m… I’m okay enough,” the cook said, trying for a weak smile. “What do you need us for, Commander?”

The Commander looked slightly uncomfortable for a moment, then nodded and stood up straight. “I’m assigning you and Link to John. Show him the ropes, get him back on track. Lee, he can help you in the kitchen--Link, if you would start re-teaching him how to fly… am I right in remembering that you have some piloting experience?”

The mechanic’s grin was somewhat mischievous. “Yeah, I’ve got experience…” He left his sentence hang in the air, for the others to only imagine what kind he had.
His cousin was taking several quick breaths. “I -- shouldn’t he stay in Medbay, with Ckkela?” she said, trying to keep her voice steady.

But the Commander shook her head. “Ckkela says his wounds will heal in the next few days, and his fever is already starting to decrease. As soon as possible, we want to re-integrate him into the crew. Anything could trigger his memories--we still don’t know what happened to him, how he lost them… there may still be something left. As his closest friends, you two are the best candidates for triggering those memories. Gen will be helping you as well, of course.”

“Right…” Lee said weakly. “We’ll… do that.”
Link saluted the Commander. “Yes ma’am! We will crack this case! Hopefully not cracking John’s skull in the process!”

Commander Abby raised her eyebrows. “I should hope not. But, knowing you…” The hint of a smile flickered across her face. “That is all for now, you may be dismissed. Get some rest.”
And she smiled at them, nodded, and turned back to the others.

Post #362:  Imogen posted at Thursday, June 18th, 2015, 11:57 PM:
(Aaaaaaaaaand part nine. And we have about 99 pages to go! And counting! 8D The John-Memory-Loss Saga continues!)

A few days had passed, and John was recovering rapidly. Ckkela was amazed--and rather excited, by how quickly the Zeranorian’s wounds began to heal. She decided that, when she got back home, she would probably write a paper on the difference between Zeranorian, Human, and K-Nire healing rates, and the possibilities of medical advancement available if they collaborated….

She looked up from her work. John was staring out the window at the stars, fidgeting nervously with the hem of the sheets, a worried look on his face. She had found a pair of his glasses among his personal effects, and matched them to his current eyesight abilities--he almost looked normal, except for the nervous glint in his eyes and the slightly fearful way that he moved, looked around--as if haunted by the world around him.

The doors hissed open, and she looked around. Link sauntered in, followed more slowly by Lee. Link had, of course, come to visit, but she hadn’t seen Lee since they had woken John up. She frowned, and watched the girl carefully as she entered the room.

Lee’s eyes immediately went to John. Her face was much more composed than when Ckkela had seen her last, still pale, but more controlled. Swallowing nervously, hands locked together in front of her, Lee followed Link.
“‘Sup, John!” Link called out. “‘Sup, Ckkela! I brought my best and favoritest cousin with me today. We’re takin’ you out of the Medbay, giving you a tour of our lovely ship! Most of which was rebuilt by yours truly, after we--” The mechanic stopped. “Ah, after certain cataclysmic events happened, from which most survived, but are not vitally important to know right now! Tour!” Link pointed to the door.

John looked up, eyes wide. His gaze found Lee and he cocked his head to one side, curiosity flickering into his gaze for one moment, past the fear. Then he blushed and looked away, as if embarrassed. His eyes went to Link, and a hesitant smile flickered across his face.
"Tour? Of the star ship?" He asked, swinging his legs out of the cot and standing shakily. He took a step, stumbled, and grabbed at the bed.

“Of the Outsider, baby!” Link said, spreading his arms wide. Then he gazed critically at John. “Er, we’ll take it slow, ‘kay? No need to rush! We’ve got lots of time.” The mechanic turned to Ckkela. “Should he have, like, crutches or something…?”

“He should be able to walk..." Ckkela said, stepping over to him and putting an arm under his elbow. John leaned cautiously on her, then stood fully on his shaky legs. He smiled at her, then took a few cautious steps towards them. When he didn't fall, he smiled and took more confident steps. He stopped in front of Lee, beaming as if he had accomplished a major feat.

"Slow sounds good."

Lee couldn’t help but smile back at him, a shaky smile, but a real one, and her cheeks turned a little pink. It was the first color Link had seen in her since they’d been captured. “Good!” Link said, grinning all around at all this progress. He turned on his heel to the door and made an exaggerated movement towards it. “Let’s a-go!”

John gave a slightly nervous glance back at the Medbay as they left, and stepped closer to Lee. For whatever reason, he felt safer near her. But for another whatever reason, this seemed to make her tense up, pulling her arms in closer to herself, as though afraid of touching him.

“If you’ll look to your right, you see the Comms panel,” narrated Link in front of them, holding his hand up as though he had a megaphone. “Next is the Pizza Hut! Just kidding -- it’s a closet!” He made an expression of wonder and awe as they passed the unremarkable closet door. “Don’t be fooled by its simple looks -- many a closet has hidden surprising things!” This seemed to cause him some amusement neither of the two others understood.

“So, he’s always so…?” John ventured to Lee, searching for the right word, after passing by several other closets and rooms, dutifully detailed by Link. She gave a small smile and a little laugh, though she didn’t look over at him. “Yeah, always has been. It can get a little annoying sometimes, but it’s who he is, so I don’t mind too much.”

John grinned sheepishly and rubbed the back of his head, in a very normal, John-like way. He looked over at her, the smile crossing his face again.
"You're very tolerant. And kind. Everyone likes you." He said, rather matter-of factly.

Her eyes flickered over to him, flashing with something John couldn’t quite catch. But all she said was, quietly, “Thank you…” And then she looked away again.

He searched what little of her face he could see. She was avoiding his eye--and he couldn't imagine why... Something fluttered in his chest and his ears flushed red. He looked away.

"And this is Engineering!" Link said flamboyantly. It was hard to ignore him this time, and both John and Lee startled a bit. The mechanic was turning in circles, arms upward. Apparently they had gone into the Engineering room -- both had been so focused on keeping walking, and talking casually, they hadn’t quite noticed that. Link’s face beamed with pride. “This is mah place, guys! Or one of my places, anyway. What do you think?”

John's eyes widened as he looked around, his arms down by his side, black eyes flooding with a sudden excitement, his face full of wonder.

"It's..." He said, looking from the nitro drive, to the consoles, to the bustling crewmen as they went about their business. "It's beautiful..." He whispered.

“Isn’t it,” Link agreed, his smile showing no sign of fading anytime soon. “Normally I’d want to show you my favorite nooks and crannies, but Dr. Ckkela would get on my case if I did.” He heaved a great, heavy sigh, hand placed on his chest, head drooping. “Such a kill-joy.” His head perked up a bit. “Don’t tell her I said that.”

"I want to see them." John said firmly, his eyes dancing. "I want to see everything!" He started towards the glowing nitro drive, looking back over his shoulder at them. "What's that?" He asked, pointing up at it.

The cousins exchanged looks. Lee seemed less comfortable with it, but Link just shrugged. “Nitro drive!” he answered. “It powers the ship's engines!”

John reached out towards it, his fingers passing through the electrical barrier as if it didn't even exist. Someone gave a yelp of warning as his fingers approached the drive's surface. “Generally not a good idea to touch it!” Link called out urgently. “Like, a bad idea!”

John jerked back in surprise, his eyes wide. "Really? Why?"
But he moved back anyway.
“Because it will probably -- no, definitely kill you, and probably everyone else in this room! No touchy! There’s even a sign!” Link pointed to the said sign, depicting in cold, clear diagrams how interfering with the nitro drive would make everything go BOOM.

John's eyes widened and he staggered back. Into Lee. He yelped and leaped into the air, tripped and fell to his knees. Shaking his head, he started to rise, quivering. "S-sorry... Sorry! I didn't mean to--I just..." He started to shake, then put his head in his hands. A blackness flickered over the surface of his eyes, but then he blinked, and it was gone.

“No, no, it’s okay,” he heard Lee say gently, close by. After her initial fright, she’d seen John start to shake. Immediately she’d gone to him and knelt down next to him. “You’re fine -- we’re fine, John, it’s all right. It’s okay.”

His breathing slowed gradually. He leaned into her. The shaking slowed, then stopped. He took a deep breath.
"Sorry..." He murmured, "sorry... I won't do it again."
Lee shook her head. “You don’t have to be sorry, it’s all right,” she said quietly. She let a moment pass, then she touched his shoulder. “Let’s go back to the Medbay, okay?”

He shook his head. "I won't do anything else, I promise!" He looked up at her and then stood.
She stared up at him a moment, worry written in her face. Slowly she nodded. Then she too stood.
“I… have to go back to the Kitchen. Link…?”

Her cousin stood at attention. “Aye, Lee! I’ll keep my one good eye on him, and the other robotic one, too!”

John looked between the two of them, and worry crossed his face.
"Er... May I come see the kitchens...? Maybe I can help cook..."
Lee hesitated, and Link saw that look where she wanted to say no, but was too nice to say it. “Commander… did want to have you help me in the kitchen,” she said finally. “I-- I’ll be waiting for you guys.” They watched as she turned and walked quickly out.

They stood awkwardly, John terribly confused and worried, Link unsure what to say. Finally, “She’s, uh, been through a lot,” Link ventured. Then he frowned at himself. “I mean, everyone has, I guess…” He cleared his throat and restarted. “She’s just worried about, um… y’know, you…”

“Worried about me?” John said curiously, his brow furrowing in confusion, he looked back at the door through which she had left. “Should I not have asked to go with her? Maybe that was a bad idea…”

Link shrugged. “Y’know, I think she’ll worry whether you’re in the Medbay or Kitchen. At least around her, you can try to show her that you’re okay.” The mechanic patted John on the shoulder, gentler than he normally would have. Link gave him an encouraging smile. “C’mon, she walks fast, I bet she’s already waiting for us.”

John smiled back at him, a kind of sad, half-smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. He followed this strange mechanic through the strange corridors of some strange ship in a strange sky. The man who didn’t even know his own name… James? Josh? Something with a J…

“JOHN!”

He looked up, and his eyes widened. A woman as lanky and tall as he was--taller, even, was flying down the hallway towards him. He flung up his arms, his eyes widening in fear, and let electricity flow from his veins. 

“Woah, woah, Gen!” Link cried, waving his arms and cutting in front of her.

She shoved him to one side and crashed into her brother, grabbing his collar and slamming him up against the wall.
“You dirty, mangy, worthless, wretched, scurvy, cur!” she screamed in his face. He flinched back, his eyes wide and filled with terror, his hands pushing clumsily at her arms. “Remember, darn it! What did you do to get yourself in this situation, you infernal idiot! I trusted you--I thought you knew how to stay out of trouble, and--LINK DO NOT GET INVOLVED OR SO HELP ME I WILL ELECTROCUTE YOU TO DEATH, REMOVE YOUR MECHANICAL PARTS, AND LACE THEM LIKE FAIRY LIGHTS OVER ENGINEERING--I thought you were smart enough to do so! Obviously I was wrong, huh, or you’d remember--” She broke off and staggered back, a shocked expression on her face. John slid to the floor, his eyes wide. His hand was crackling with black electricity, the same electricity that was currently lancing over Gen’s chest. She stared at him for a moment, then staggered further back. “You little…” She propped herself against the far wall, panting. Something else came into her eyes, and the fire died slightly. She raised a hand to her chest, and splayed the fingers. The electricity leaped onto them, and with a flick of her fingers, dispersed. Yet she still stood there, breathing heavily, watching her brother.
John slowly looked up at her, looking terrified and shaken. “If… you’re my sister…. I can’t imagine what… what I was like before…. And I don’t think I’d want to go back…” he said, almost in a whisper. She still stared.
“You really don’t remember, do you?” she finally said. Then: “do you feel it? That energy that is not energy--the darkness? Our parent’s experiments resurfacing…” something like sympathy crossed her face and she stood, walked over to him, and took his hands, though he flinched away, helping him up.
“I don’t understand…” he said quietly. She smirked at him.
“You never did.” she waggled her fingers and leered at Link. “Toodaloo, rusty!” and she sauntered off down the corridor, not looking back. John stared after her, a mixture of confusion, horror, and interest on his face.

“I still don’t understand…” 

“Neither do I!” Link said, and to John’s surprise, cheerfully and carelessly. The Zeranorian looked over at him. Link just grinned. “I’ve learned to accept that every encounter with Gen has an intens-o-meter of off the charts. I don’t question it anymore. Now… on to considerably less intense tasks, such as chopping onions. Wait, no, too dangerous for me, everyone freaks when I start crying out of only one eye…” He brooded this, then shrugged. “Kitchen?”

John took a deep, shaky breath, looked once more back down the hall, then nodded.
“Onions--no matter how distressing they might be--would be easier than another encounter with her.” Then he frowned and furrowed his brow. “What’s an onion?”

Post #363:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, June 23rd, 2015, 11:17 PM:
(Paaart TEN! ON A ROLL!)

Entering the kitchen was like entering heaven. Or at least, John hoped so. The intense aromas that met his nose at the door, bowed, took his coat, and almost blew him off his feet. He hardly knew what to do.

“What,” he breathed, “is that?!”

“That, John, is heaven. Also known as chicken soup. Wait til you actually eat it!”

“Chicken… soup…” John breathed, and followed Link over to the counter with a mystified look on his face. Lee was behind the counter, working on chopping up yellow, layered balls. John frowned, and raised a hand to his eyes, which had suddenly begun to burn.

“What is that?” he asked nervously.

Lee looked up, blinking herself. Her eyes were watery. “Onions…” she said, picking up a half and showing it to him. “I don’t really like them very much, but it adds flavor.”

He drew back quickly, then slowly moved forward, touching the onion with his fingertips. A frown flickered across his face. “It doesn’t hurt to touch…”

“No, and it doesn’t hurt to eat,” she said. A smile tugged at the corner of her mouth. “My mom always liked to tell me how I took a bite out of one when I was little. I thought it was an apple, insisted it was an apple, so she let me take a bite. The look on my face, she said!” Lee stared at the onion a moment longer, then set it down again.

The corners of John’s mouth twitched, then he chuckled. “And this is the part where I’d probably dredge up some embarrassing memory from my own childhood, or from my… delightful, sister’s, eh?”

Lee looked away, chiding herself. Was there nothing she could talk about that wouldn’t bring up something that was difficult for John? Then she registered his last comment. “You… remember your sister?”

“Uh, well, she kinda forced the memory,” Link said. One of his eyes was starting to water, and he rubbed at it. “Reintroduced herself in her usual terrifyingly forceful way.”

“She’s frightening…” John said with a shiver. “How she was ever my sister, I have no idea in the slightest. Can I help you with--” he motioned to the onion chopping going on.

“Oh! Um, yes!” Lee set her knife down and looked around. The broth in the large pot was beginning to bubble. She pointed. “You can stir that.” Then she gestured to the side, where the door was. “Go in through there, wash your hands, grab an apron.”

He beamed at her, then walked to the door. And into it. “Ouch…” he said, rubbing his forehead, and ducking to enter the kitchen. “Gotta remember that… I’m tall.” He winced and walked over to the sink, stared at the taps for a moment then poked one. It moved an increment, and a trickle of water flowed out. A warm glow of satisfaction filled his chest, and he turned it all the way, watching with interest as the water poured out. He washed his hands, turned to the wall, and looked around.

“Er… what does an apron look like?” he asked in a slightly off-hand fashion, but his nervousness shone through in the way he spoke. 

Lee was smiling to herself. He never remembered he was tall, even before… “It’s this white thing I’m wearing.” She plucked at it. “Here, I’ll get one for you.” In a few moments, she had gone into another section behind the counter, and came back with the long, white cloth.
“You put this one over your head, and tie these ones behind your back,” Lee explained, holding it up and pointing out the straps.
“Oh!” John said, holding up the apron and inspecting it with interest. “Ok…” he slipped the loop over his head and began to fumble with the strings at the back, frowning. Finally he had wound them into some semblance of a knot, and was standing before the pot of soup, gazing in with his black eyes wide.

“That’s where the smell’s coming from!”

He took up the spoon by the side of the pot and began to slowly, gingerly, move it around the pot, in the thick, aromatic liquid. John looked away from the soup for a moment, and over at lee. She was staring down at the onions, chopping away. Her face was streaked with tears.

John frowned. The onions had made his eyes burn, maybe they were making her cry? But what if there was actually something wrong? Link had said she’d been going through a lot, what if his being there was making her sad? What if he were making her cry? He stiffened and looked back down at the pot, his face growing anxious again.

What do I do? How do I fix this? And what can I say, when I can’t even remember my own name…?

She scooped up the chopped onions into her hands and walked over to where John was stirring the soup. He stopped, but she shook her head. “No, keep stirring while I drop them in.”
Little bits at a time, she let the yellow chunks fall into the thick, aromatic broth. Each plip of the onion splashing in, she blinked, trying to clear her eyes, tears still leaking out. The last amount plopped in, and she nodded. “Keep stirring, just a little while longer.”

John gave her a sideways glance, frightened, anxious, worried, but unable to string together enough information to ask her any serious questions. What if he said something that triggered something from her past? What if he said something that made her hate him, and he didn’t even know it? How could he? What had their relationship even been? He may have lost all his memories, but he wasn’t completely blind. If only he could figure it out. He couldn’t quite reach it--it was like something lurking just beyond the horizon, like some ghostly apparition…

Link appeared in his line of sight. He was waving a hand to him, beckoning him, but making faces that seemed to mean, “Come here, but don’t let Lee come!” That, or, “You’re messing up my soup, dude, let Lee make it!”

“Uh,” John began taking the spoon out of the soup. “Lee? I’ll be right back… my… er... “ he fished around for an excuse. “My head hurts--” he tapped the long line of stitching, and then winced.

She backed away. “Oh, right, I forgot you’re still healing. You don’t have to… help me finish it. It’s almost done…”
Link was still waving his hands.

John hovered for a moment, then suddenly engulfed Lee in a hug.
“I’m sorry for doing this to you. Whatever happens, I’ll make this right.”
Then he turned and, without another word, head ducked and ears red, walked quickly out of the door, remembering to duck, but forgetting to take off the apron. 

Link was nodding, arms crossed, stroking his chin (though he lacked any semblance of facial hair). “Hmm, you may not need my interference after all…” he mused.

“Interference…?” John asked in confusion, running a hand through his spiky hair. “What do you mean?”

“Oh, I think you know what I mean…” Link said in a sinister voice. Mock sinister, of course. Link never could sound completely serious. “What just happened in there… And how you are blushing now when I mention it… Oh, yes, you know what I mean…” He raised a hand to John’s beginning protests. “Spare me the denial. I am all-seeing, all-knowing, nevermind the few blank spots.” Link pointed an accusing finger at John.

“You like her. I daresay, really like her.”

“What?!” John exclaimed, stumbling back a few paces. “I don’t--what do you--you can’t--she’s just--well--I mean,” he stammered, pushing his glasses nervously up his nose. “Is there anyone who doesn’t? She’s so kind, and compassionate, and--” his brow furrowed and he frowned. “That’s beside the point! I was making sure I hadn’t hurt her. She was crying…”

“Eh, eh, eh, keep it quiet, man.” Link looked around furtively. There were only a few witnesses-- er, crewmen. He peered at John. “You don’t remember her, and yet you want to make sure you aren’t hurting her. When you first woke up, when you saw Lee -- remember that?”
John nodded, and opened his mouth to say more, but Link raised a hand to quiet him. “That’s the only memory you carried over, man. How you felt about Lee.”

“W-we were…?”

Link shook his head. “Nah, you were about where you are now, or a few moments ago, actually, an innocent, clueless puppy.”
John sank into a nearby chair and sagged, rolling his eyes up at Link. “You really know how to drop a bombshell on someone’s life, don’t you?”

“I am a bomb,” Link said shamelessly. He pulled out a chair and sat in it the backwards way, leaning his chest on the seat back. “I’m letting you know, to help you. You don’t want to hurt Lee? Innocent puppies are cute, yeah, but sometimes they bite you without knowing what they’re doing. Now you know, and you can help Lee, and yourself, better.” The mechanic leaned back and put a hand on his chest. “Oooh, I just got metaphoric and intellectual-like. I need a break now…”

“But I don’t even know how to talk to her now, knowing that there was something between us--no matter how small! I don’t know what to say… my words don’t come out right…” he crossed his arms on the table between them and slumped his head into them, his hair sticking out in all directions. “I’ll just look and sound like an idiot, and hurt her even more." He said, his voice muffled slightly. "I don’t know what to do, what to say… maybe she’s right--maybe I should just go back to the Med-Bay and wait there until something is figured out…”

Link leaned forward and poked him in the head. When John startled and lifted his head, Link poked him again. “What?” John said. He pushed Link’s incoming finger away.
“Hey, don’t worry about it!” the mechanic said. “Your words never came out right before, and what you call looking and sounding like an idiot, usually makes her smile. Like running into doorways.” He tried to poke him again, but John pushed his hand away. “Let her get to you -- let her smile make you smile -- and you’ll get to her -- your smile will make her smile. You just gotta work together. That’s why I let you know, so you can try to work with her a little, and by helping her, help yourself. Yeah?”
He heaved a breath. “Oh, this counseling is draining. So much intellectual work. I sound so smart, though, don’t I?”

John chuckled, and raised one eyebrow, a grin slipping quietly across his face. “You sound pompous. But probably also right… I just… what if I’m different now? What if I don’t act the same way, or do the right things, or feel the right way? What if…” he gulped, and his voice fell to a whisper. “What if I don’t really love her, and I only think I do?”

Link opened his mouth, then closed it. He frowned. “You got me there. I can’t tell ya that, buddy. You gotta find out for yourself!” With that, he stood and pointed. “Soup to be made, yes? Chop chop! Mull over your romantic life when you are trying to sleep -- I’m hungry!”
John watched him dash off towards the counter, mystification and unsurity in his eyes. How could he even be sure that he trusted him? How could he be sure that he trusted any of them? Then again… how could he have been sure that he trusted them before he lost his memories? Experience? Revelation? Well, he thought, in my experience so far, they’ve been nothing but good. And that’s enough to stand on.
So he stood, and walked to the counter.

Coming to face Lee, he immediately felt nervous, insecure, embarrassed and confused, all at once. She was bent over the soup, fully concentrated on its texture, and he watched her unashamedly. What am I doing? Josh--John, follow Link’s advice. Right?

Lee looked up. She blushed slightly, but tried not to reference their previous... 'moment'. “Oh, it’s just about done now,” she told them. “John, you can bring your apron back. Sorry you didn’t get to do more.”

“Huh?” he asked, then glanced down, and his eyes widened. “Oh, yeah! No, that’s ok… er…” he began pulling at the knot at the back of the apron, but he had wound it so tightly that not even his thin fingers could work it loose. He frowned and his ears burned. “Er…”

“Hmm?” Lee looked back. “It’s knotted…” John said sheepishly.
“Oh. Come on back, I’ll fix it,” Lee said, still holding the spoon and beckoning to him. “I like untangling knots, anyway…” she added quietly, mostly to herself.
He pricked up his ears, but remained quiet. He walked through the door, ducked at the last minute and came out on the other side. Lee walked over to him.
“Turn around,” she said, and he obediently complied.

She began tugging at the strings, pulling at specific ones, frowning, trying a different one. After a few moments, she murmured, “This is a tough one!” It didn’t help that she couldn’t seem to focus on the knot very well, but rather her mind kept flying to various other trains of thought, all having to do with the Zeranorian standing right in front of her. John kept craning his neck around to try and see what she was doing, just making the endeavor more difficult for both of them.
I always feel so short around him… Oh, that string goes out here! Closer-- no, not quite. Ah, he keeps looking at me! No, Lee, he’s looking at the knot, the knot…

“There!” she cried in triumph, holding the freed ends up. He turned around and beamed at her, getting tangled slightly in the apron as he pulled it gingerly over his head.
“Remind me to learn how to tie one of those properly…” he said, his black eyes dancing with humor. His gaze met hers, and he glanced away, all suaveness falling away again. “Er…” he started, but didn’t know what to say, so he just stood there, staring at his shoes, one hand rubbing the back of his head nervously.

Lee blinked. “Um, do you… You want some soup, right?”

He looked up and nodded vigorously, looking relieved. “Yeah! It smells so good! Like chicken… and noodle… and… soup?” he finished clumsily.

She giggled and turned back to the soup. A steaming bowl was filled, Lee blowing off the top of it slightly, and then given, along with a spoon, to John. Lee looked at him expectantly, slightly anxious. “Um, careful, it’s hot.”
He loved that soup before…

“Hot?” John took the bowl, and his eyes widened suddenly. “Oh! Hot!” This elicited another smile and giggle from Lee.
John sat quickly on a nearby stool and placed the bowl in his lap. He dipped the spoon in and took a bite. Immediately his eyes widened. He turned and blinked up at her, a look of wonder and amazement filling his black eyes.
“Lee... I don't... I can't... this is...” he blinked and took another bite. “Soup…” he said, drawing out the word, ecstasy in his voice.

Lee gave a laugh that was almost a cry. But when John looked up, worried, her face was happy. “You… you like it?” she asked, tremulously, eyes shining.

“It’s…” he made a face as if he were tasting the word before using it. “Succulent… delicious? Are those words?”

She nodded, smiling big. “Haha, yes! Succulent is usually used for plants, but delicious -- oh, I’m so glad you like it!”

He grinned up at her. “I’ve never tasted anything like it before--come to think of it, I can’t remember tasting anything before. If there were ever to be a best first meal, this would be it.” he said happily.

“What are you two doing down there?” Ckkela’s muzzle appeared over the counter, looking down curiously.

“Nothing,” Lee said. She was smiling, but a tear trickled down one cheek. “Just eating chicken noodle soup! John likes--likes the soup!” Laughing, she turned back to the large container of soup and began dishing out the other crewmen’s bowls. Her smile stayed on her face, and two trails of shining tears ran down her cheeks.

John looked up from his bowl, and saw her tears. Worry crossed his face again, and he stood up. “You’re crying… are you ok?” He put the bowl down on the counter. “I’m sorry, was it something I said? I’m sorry, if it was!”

She turned her head, smiling fading a little. “What? Oh! No, John, I’m--” Lee laughed a little to herself. “I’m absurdly happy for a silly reason! You like my soup, and that makes me happy!” She gave him a smile, a true smile. “The tears are just me being my silly self.”

“Tears aren’t silly,” he said quickly, seriously. “They mean something. They…” he shrugged and grinned sheepishly. “Well, I was going to say something really deep there, but I’ve forgotten how to put it, so never mind, eh?” He laughed, and finished off the soup. “More, please?” he said, interest and curiosity replacing the worry and fear. And then Ckkela appeared on the other side of the counter.

“Nuh-uh! You’re still on medication--and that means I’m limiting your food intake.”

His brow furrowed and he looked pained. “But--”

“No buts. No more food, you’ll make yourself sick.” She gave him, then Lee, each a serious look--as serious as a K-Nire can be--then turned and walked back towards Link, casting suspicious glances over her shoulder.

When Ckkela was out of ear-shot, Lee, smiling, said, “I’ll bring some the next time I visit. But--” she said, cutting John off “--only if you promise not to blame yourself every time I frown, okay?”

John looked at her, and a smile stole across his face. He ducked his head and rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly. “Can’t turn down an offer like that, can I?” he said. “I promise!”

Post #364:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, June 23rd, 2015, 11:32 PM:
“BEHOLD! The Rebel Base!” Link announced, arms wide spread. “Of which I know nothing about, so I shall not be your guide today! I will leave that to… someone else!”

Reagent walked past him, eyebrows raised, following Kuna closely as the rest of the crew descended from his ship. He looked over at the Outsider. Their ramp was descending, revealing the core crew standing dramatically at the top, like a scene from Avengers.

“Guys, I forgot my sunglasses…” Link moaned. He covered his face with his hands. “We’re totally in an epic moment, and I. Forgot. My sunglasses.”

“Well, I forgot everything,” John said with a grin, limping down the ramp. “so I think you’re ok. Lee? Verdict?”
She shook her head, smiling to herself. “I don’t know. Link can’t live without his awesome. He may need to see a medic after this letdown.”
“A very certain medic, I hope?” Ckkela said, emerging from the group of Outsiders and walking over to him, tail wagging and eyes slanted coyly.

“Oh, er, uh,” Link cleared his throat. Then he stood up straighter and looked at the others. “Okay, guys, proceed to dramatic departure from ship. Make it cool enough -- I’ll buy you pizza. Or whatever they might have here. Man, I hope they have pizza…”

“I’MIN!” Gen passed in a flash of brown and silver, and John looked after her, mystified.

“What’s a pizza…?” He frowned. “Wait, it’s one of those vegetable things… right? With sauce?”

“Pizza is good,” Ytotia quipped behind them. “Link share with me.”
Lee frowned. “Where’d you get…? Ah, nevermind. Commander is beckoning for us to go.”

Kaerael was waiting for them.
“You guys are back! Finally! Lysi changed the meet time to…” he looked at his watch “half an hour ago.”

He looked back up, and the seriousness vanished immediately. His eyes roved over the outsider, then on to the crew. Commander Abby, Lee, Link, John, Kkeut, Gen, Sensa and Yukan.
Ytotia.

The Etal was looking around, mouth in an ‘o’, eyes wide (well, they were already large and wide, but wider than usual now). “Much metal, like ship,” she murmured to herself. Her nose twitched as she sniffed the air. It wrinkled. “Smell like metal, too.”

She spotted Kaerael, and, as was her habit with all new acquaintances, promptly quipped, “Fellaer!” Ytotia looked pleased with herself as she followed the rest off of the ship. “Fellaer new to Ytotia - me. Fellaer new to me,” she murmured to herself, wings moving restlessly.

Kae watched her as she walked by, his lion-like tail swishing from side to side and his blue-green eyes wide with interest. He turned and caught up to her.

“Ytotia, your name was?” he asked, his voice light, but full of interest.

“Huh?” She looked over, eyes surprised. “Oh, Ytotia-- I, said that, yes. I am Ytotia.” She forced the ‘am’ out in between the words. “Fellaer is…?”

“My species,” he said with a smile. The smile slipped. “I’m one of the last. The Emperor killed the rest of us.”

Her eyes widened in shock, and she shivered. “Oh… I am sorry.” Ytotia was quiet a few moments, working her face as though working something in her mind (she was). “Um… Your name is…?” she finally queried, looking slightly embarrassed.

Kae’s eyes brightened. “Ah! Commander Kaerael Faroset of the Fifth Rebel Division, at your service!” he caught up his tail in one paw and made a bow, grinning from ear to pointed ear.
“Oh, you are a Commad-her, like Commad-her Abby!”
“Eh-heh, yeah!” Kae grinned, and twirled the end of his lion-like tail in his fingers. “And you are?”
“Ytotia-- I, a crewman. Help with nav-gation.”

John watched them with interest. There were so many things he felt he almost remembered--or should remember, but just couldn’t. Things that tugged on the back of his mind. He looked around, and his eyes fell on one man, one he hadn’t seen before. Fedora clad, dark clothes--he almost didn’t seem to be part of the group.
And a name flashed into his mind, from out of the darkness, uncalled and unexpected.

Bade.

John jumped. What? What was that?! Where did that come from?! He hurried to where Lee was standing, looking around the landing base.
“Lee,” he said urgently, tugging at her sleeve and looking around. “Who is that?”

“Huh? Oh, him?” She looked, and a frown creased her brow. “He was one of the traders that helped us get the Outsider back in the air. His name is Bade, I think. No one knows him very well, he keeps to himself a lot. I’m not sure how he got into the crew…”

“Huh,” John said, looking back at the man, fear fluttering in his chest. “Well, I don’t know why, but I knew his name… I think maybe it was a--”

Bade turned around, John’s eyes fell on his face, and then it happened.

...it was dark in the room. Dark and full of pain. Pipes, gauges, switches, black electricity flickering up cords and wires. A face, contorted in rage, white-hot eyes widened in madness. Fear.
Light blinded his eyes. He squinted against it. He couldn’t see well, his glasses were gone. But he could see the man standing in the door--dark clothes, fedora-clad, startling green eyes…
“B-Bade!”
Then nothing made sense. The words were garbled--he could barely understand any of what was said. All he knew was that Bade was speaking to the man with the white eyes--the man making the pain happen.
“...primed...downloaded...fully functional...still planet side…”
“...vital...success of our mission.”
“...anything I can...Aronan?”
Aronan. Bade.
The Empire.
They were doomed.

“...Memory.” John finished emptily.

“John…?”

John blinked, then staggered back, crashing into Link. He felt a touch on his arm. “John, are you all right?”

He came back to the present with a jerk. Lee was looking up at him, brow creased in worry. John looked around wildly. But that man, Bade, was gone…

“That… that man--Bade! He’s… he’s not good.” he shook his head and groaned, rubbing the flat of his hand on his temple. “Errrr… He was… they were… it was a room… full of… black electricity?” He looked at her, fear in his eyes. “A memory…?”

Lee turned away, pain evident in her eyes. Her cousin rubbed the back of his head. “Black electricity? Like you used on your sister?”

“Yes!” John exclaimed in excitement, getting to his feet. “Yes, that’s it! Except he was energy too--the white eyed man….” He looked at them--Link’s disbelieving expression, and Lee’s turned face, and confusion crossed his eyes. “What? Did I do something wrong?”

“It’s better you don’t remember,” Lee said weakly. “Come on, we need to go…”
Link gave John a ‘sorry’ look and a shrug. “Can’t help you there, bro. But maybe she’s right… Whatever got you those bangs and bruises, can’t have been pleasant.”

The mechanic started to follow his cousin, who had left them, but stopped and cocked his head. “Eh…?” He was still a moment, then turned back to John. His expression was a little blank. “AntiCure needs me back at the ship. Something about the nitro drive… Later!”

John could only watch in confusion as Link trotted back to the Outsider, and Lee walked away with the rest of the crew.
“Leeeeeeeeeeeee…” he said slowly, and turned around, but she was already vanishing through the sliding doors. He hesitated for one moment, then ran after her, his long legs carrying him across the docking bay twice the speed he thought they would. He tripped, but managed to stay upright.
Gotta remember that…

-~-~-~-

SECURITY PASS NEEDED BEYOND THIS POINT.
No problem. Link typed in a few codes, and the doors slid open. So far, so good.
The soldiers would be a problem. Link walked into the hallway confidently. That made most only glance at him, curiously, but no one argued with his right to be there.

SECURITY PASS NEEDED.
A slightly higher level security. Still no problem. His fingers flashed over the pad, and the doors slid open. Looking back over his shoulder, Link slid into the room.
And was greeted by a soldier.

“You’re not--? Who are you?” the soldier cried, grabbing his pistol and pointing it at Link.
“Nope, not telling.” Before the soldier could react, Link reached out, grabbed his wrist, and disarmed him. With the gun, he rammed the man in the head. He crumpled to the ground.
Link looked him over. “Looks like a fit.”

SECURITY PASS NEEDED.
No one questioned him now. After all, he was wearing a Rebel uniform. Perhaps furtively typing in a code, instead of swiping a card, may have attracted attention, but there were fewer soldiers here, and no one stopped him.

Finally, he was at his destination: The Computer.

Only a handful of soldiers were in the room. Most of them were focused on the giant monitors before them, each displaying critical base, ship, and status data. A camera recording the Outsider flashed onto one screen. Then another replaced it, of the Outsider’s crew walking the halls.

Link pointed his gun carefully.

They heard the gunshot, but the next moment, the overhead lights were dead. As bright as the monitors were, deep shadows came over the room.
Everybody scrambled up, weapons in hand, trying to find the culprit. “Show yourself!” cried one, stepping forward to peer into the darkness.

There was another gunshot, and one soldier collapsed. The others whirled towards the sound, and fired.
They didn’t seem to hit any target. Only a small broken monitor remained, sparking sporadically.

“Missed.”
A soldier gave a strangled cry, and collapsed.

They didn’t fire this time, but backed up carefully. Three soldiers -- one enemy? Their eyes were adjusting to the darkness. A shape -- over there!

But suddenly all the lights turned on, and they were blinded.

Outside the Computer room, soldiers struggled to open the door, but it was locked tight. No codes or overrides worked.
They heard a final gunshot, then silence.

“Not too messy,” said Link, brushing his hands on his jacket and looking at the collapsed soldiers on the ground. Then he turned to the monitors, to the Computer. “Alone at last.”

He pulled up a chair and set to work, fingers flying over the keyboard. Warnings and lock screens flashed up in red, only to be overridden in green a second later. Layer after layer, Link broke through the security. And then he was at the center.
Where all the coding was stored. Where every bit of information resided. Where the heart of the Computer was.

“Time for a heart attack.” He pressed three keys, slowly, deliberately.
The monitors turned black.

Link pushed away from the Computer, nodding. “Mission complete.”

Then he frowned. “I forgot the cameras.”

-~-~-~-

John finally caught up to Lee. “Lee!” he said urgently, “do you know what AntiCure might have wanted?”

“I wouldn’t know,” she replied, unusually short. She grimaced at herself. “No, sorry, John, I don’t…” With a sigh, she looked at him. “Maintenance? Reprimanding?”

“Reprimanding. Probably.” He smiled, but there was a hint of sadness in his expression. “It’s… it’s an interesting… metal… room…” he said, looking around the area into which they had emerged. It was filled with small shuttlecraft, people, animals, boxes and smells. John blinked, momentarily overwhelmed.

Suddenly a group of soldiers rushed past. Ran past, pushing through anyone in their way. They had their weapons drawn and at the ready.
Lee backed away, closer to John. Her eyes followed the soldiers worriedly. “I wonder what’s going on…?” Perhaps she shouldn’t be worried. After all, it was a Rebel base…

“That,” John said, “is definitely not good.”

He was looking at a door, on the opposite side of the room. From it, a man was being dragged, by a group of soldiers.
It was Link.

“Unhand me, you barbarians!” he screeched. “Seriously! What did I do?!” Link twisted and turned, but they weren’t letting go. So he went limp. “Ha!” he taunted as they were forced to carry his full weight. “Heavier than I look! Though, maybe not a compliment to myself…”

He spotted Lee and John. “Guys -- HEEEELLLLLPPPPPP!!!!” he cried out desperately, and despite his taunts, there was real fear in his eyes.

“What is going on here?” demanded Commander Abby, marching up to Link and the soldiers.
“I could ask the same,” Kaerael joined her, frowning.

“I don’t kno-o-o-o-w,” Link cried. “Last thing I remember, I got a message from AntiCure, and now -- OW, DON’T TUG ME LIKE THAT, I’M NOT A BOAT!” He searched the faces of his friends. “Guys… I don’t know!”

Ckkela rushed from the gathering crowd, snapping her med-kit open.
“Everyone stand back!” She said loudly, “this man is clearly deranged! I’m sorry, Commander,” she said to Kae, slicking her ears back. “He must have escaped from the brig. We’ve been forced to keep him there for treatment, he’s highly unstable. I apologize personally for any damage he may have caused.”

“WHAT?!” Link yelped, voice going to a high pitch, expression that of total shock. “I’M NOT--!!!”

“See,” she said, her voice sympathetic, “a clear symptom of delusion. I can escort him back to our medical bay--”

“This is serious!” One of the guards called, “he shut down the Computer, and killed one of our men!”

Link’s face went slack. A murmuring rose from the crowd. John sucked in a quick breath. Killed…? Out of the corner of his eye, John saw Bade watching carefully. He frowned.

“Hacking a computer,” Link said, and his voice was weak, but struggling to be jaunty, “yeah, you can accuse me of that… But, guys… killing someone…?” He looked at Commander Abby. “You know I wouldn’t -- couldn’t -- do that…” But his voice held doubt in it.

That blackout before, I started a fight… This time… I really could have done it… Link lowered his head, unable to look at anyone.

Abby’s face was a solid mask of unreadable emotion. Finally she took a deep breath, met Link’s eyes, and motioned to Sensa and Yukan.
“Please escort Mister Rukor to the Rebel’s brig,” she said quietly. John could hear a slight tremble in her voice. His jaw dropped.
“No…” he breathed, as the weapons officers stepped forward and took Link under the arms. “He wouldn’t… would he?” He looked at Lee, but again his gaze was caught by Bade. The man was staring intently at Link, almost obsessively, as they dragged him away…

“No…” Lee choked. “Link wouldn’t! They have to have the wrong person!” She began trembling and crying. “Link!” she cried, as her cousin vanished from sight. Inside her chest, it was hard to breathe, and she felt like what little of her heart she had left, was being torn away.

John tore his eyes away from Bade’s sinister stare, and looked back at Lee. She seemed almost to be choking. He reached out and put an arm around her shoulders, drawing her close. His brows furrowed into an expression of utmost concern and concentration.
“Link wouldn’t do a thing like that,” he said firmly. “They’ll soon see. I know it.”

Lee could only shake her head, too choked to speak. She hugged herself, but finding no comfort in that, turned to John and buried her head in his shoulder, and cried.

Post #365:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, June 30th, 2015, 08:35 AM:
(Part twelve? I've lost count)

“You know I can just pick the lock, and be on my merry way, right?” Link said to Sensa and Yukan. The girl gave him a scathing look, to which he only smiled. His smile, however, was weak.
“That’s why we’re chaining you to the wall.”

His jaw dropped. “Wait-- seriously?!”

“I don’t joke about everything, or anything -- unlike you.”

He pondered this. Then he sighed. “I suppose my life experience wouldn’t be complete without a jail cell, chains and all.” Then he was quiet the rest of the way.

The Weapons officers presented him to the soldiers on duty. As the mechanic was transferred to their care, he looked back over his soldier. They were watching him go. Sensa looked perplexed, and Yukan only looked sad.
“Bye, guys,” Link said, just loud enough for them to hear. Then he was taken around a corner, and then locked away.

“Oh, woe is me…” he moaned to himself, slumped against the wall, holding his arms up to examine the chains on his wrists. Link raised an eyebrow. Gee, this will sure keep me in here… Then he let out a sigh. It didn’t matter -- he wouldn’t try to escape.

“Why can’t I remember…?” Link asked the emptiness.

“Ei, ten kazkas kita lasteliu...!”

Link’s head popped up. The voice had come from the cell next to him. There was only a small, barred window to see through to the other cell, and through it came what sounded like a girl’s voice.

“Tiesiog kita baudziamoji…” The voice sounded more depressed.
“Leiskite man atrodo! Ow!” There was a sound of something being run into.

Link’s brow furrowed. The voice was the same, yet… it sounded like there was more than one girl? “Hello?” he called out.

“Negalima kalbeti su juo.” “Bet jis skamba graziai.” “Tikriausiai nuzude zmogu…”

“Um… you guys speak English?” The language they spoke in was not in Link’s database. I’ve got to download more, once we get home… Then he grimaced. If we get home…

“We speak it!” the girl -- or one of the girls? -- piped up. Link saw a face peek up into the window. It looked like she was struggling to look through, though it was only five feet from the floor.
“No, I said not to speak to him, Vakaru!” “You should listen to Siauru. Like I said, he probably murdered someone…”

The face turned. “Stop being pessimistic, Pietu!”
“Hey, let me look!” “Don’t push, Rytu!”

“Um… how many are there of you guys?” Link said, growing very confused.
The face peeked up again. “Four! Siauru -- who doesn’t want me to talk to you; Pietu -- who accuses everyone of the worst things; Rytu -- who won’t stop pushing me; and me, Vakaru! Who are you?”

“Name’s Link, Link Rukor.” He made a face. “And your… sister?” The face nodded. “She’s right -- I kinda… accidentally… did someone in. But I’m still a nice guy! Really! I don’t even remember doing it… There’s a blank.”

Vakaru blinked. “Can’t remember? How couldn’t you remember?”

“There’s a glitch in my brain -- it’s part computer. This is the second blackout I’ve had, where I did something weird, and can’t even remember.”

Vakaru made a squeak sound, and seemed to be pushed away. Another face peeked up, identical to Vakaru’s -- or what Link could see of it: slanted brown eyes and spiky black hair. “Can’t you find it?”

The mechanic frowned. “Find what?”

“The memory.”

He shook his head. “No, it’s gone. I don’t know if it was deleted, or never even stored in my system.”

“Kvailas,” said one of the sisters. Link guessed it was Siauru, from the harsh tone the words carried. He cocked his head. “That sounded like an insult.”
“It was,” she replied. She pushed her sister -- Rytu? -- out of the way, and glared at Link. “You can’t lose a memory. Kvailas.”

“I don’t think I like you calling me that,” Link retorted. He stood up, chains clinking, and went to the window. Peering in, he saw the four sisters. They were short, only about four feet tall, and all identical. Spiky black hair, slanted brown eyes, and horns curling from behind their ears to their cheeks. They wore simple clothes, reminiscent of peasant’s clothes from those fantasy movies -- off-white cotton shirt, long and with a scrap of fabric for a belt, over brown pants, and a shawl. They didn’t wear any shoes, because where feet would have been, they had hooves. Their faces were rather young.

“What… what are you doing in here…?” he asked, forgetting what he had meant to say back to the rude girl. They looked like children -- why were they in jail?

“The Rebels didn’t want to deal with us…” said Pietu, in a dreary voice. “We’re a bother to them…”
“That’s their own fault,” Siauru said harshly. “We didn’t want to go with them in the first place.”
“I did,” said another. Link wasn’t sure if it was Vakaru or Rytu.

“So… they put you here to get you out of the way?” Link summed up.
“Yep!” That might have been Rytu. She trotted over and tripped on the uneven metal on the ground. “Oof! I always trip on that!”
She peered up at him. “You look like a smart person, never mind what Siauru says. Could you get us out?”

Link made a face. Then he shook his head. “I’d love to, but I’m in a lot of trouble right now, kids. Er… no offense.”
“We’re always called that…” droned Pietu. “It doesn’t hurt anymore… Much…”
“Er… okay…” Link blinked, then smiled sadly. “Besides that… I can’t even trust myself. I could have a blackout, and do who knows what, to you, and others.”

Vakaru piped up, with an eager face. “We can help you! Find your memories! If you help us, we’ll help you!”
The mechanic sighed. “I told you -- they were deleted. I can’t get them back.”
“You are kvailas!” Siauru said, waving her small arms in exasperation. Link noticed horns on her elbows. “You can’t lose a memory! Kvailas!”

“Gee, gonna give me that as a nickname?” Link said dryly. “Fine -- how can I find them again?”

Siauru glared at him, then raised an eyebrow. “Pasivaiksciojimas kelia -- walk a path. We’ll show you -- if you show us the one out of here.”

Link pondered this. “Alright,” he said slowly. “I’ll make a plan.”

“You can’t get out.”

The weary voice came from the other side--the cell next to Link.

“I’ve tried. You can’t get out. If I can’t, you can’t. And don’t think you can get memories back, either.”

A face appeared in the barred window. Hard, golden eyes glared between the slits from a worn, scarred, long face--surprisingly young, possibly in his mid-thirties, but care-worn all the same. Lank, prematurely grey hair stuck up jaggedly just above the eyebrows, in a military cut, underneath a soldier’s cap. The eyes narrowed wearily and a rough, calloused hand appeared, fingers slipping between the bars as if the man on the other side were keeping himself upright that way.

“If I can’t, you can’t.”

Link turned around, chains dragging and probably trying to wrap around his legs. “Ah, there’s the sort of prisoner I was expecting!” He disentangled himself from the chain and loped over to the new stranger. “Hmmm…” The mechanic peered at him. “Why do you think I can’t get out, eh? Been here many years? Know the place’s secrets?”

“Hah,” the man said, “as a matter of fact I do.” He pulled himself up further, so that his whole scarred, long, lined face was visible, and apparently currently taut with pain. “The name’s London--London Wolffe, and I’m the best sniper you’ll ever meet, and the Empire ever had.” He coughed raggedly and vanished from view for a moment, before reappearing, his knuckles white. “I’ve been in here for six months. Had nothing but those weirdos for company.”

"Hey!" cried Vakaru or Rytu indignantly.

“Mmm, more like, most-out-of-commission sniper.” Link sniffed. "What's unbreakable about this place?"

"It's monitored and controlled by the Computer," London replied. "It's got eyes everywhere, and there's nowhere you can hide from it."

Link scratched his chin thoughtfully. "What if, say, the Computer broke?"

London scoffed. "They may be just Rebels, but they know how to protect what's important. It won't 'break'."

The mechanic put his hands up placatingly. "Hey, entertain a desperate prisoner a moment, will ya? If it did bust, could we bust?"

"That's a pretty big 'if' you're hoping for..." the sniper said gruffly.
"More like enormous..." Pietu moaned from the other cell.
London gave a slight chuckle. "What the kid said."

But Link only smiled. "I've got a seed of a plan, guys." He shuffled over to the back wall and sat down. His head he put against the wall, and his eyes he closed. "Now to plant, water, and grow it..."

"If there's going to be a fight, I'm in," London said with a hoarse laugh/cough.
"If it doesn't get blasted first..." Pietu said in her dreary monotone.
"I think he can do it!" said Rytu excitedly. Then, in her excitement, she tripped again. "Ow!"
"He looks smart," agreed Vakaru.
"You are all kvailas," muttered Siauru icily.

Post #366:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, July 7th, 2015, 10:06 PM:
(Part Thirteen--in which John fails to dodge the soup can.)

“I’m his friend--I have a security pass--oh, wait no I don’t--Arg!”

John fell to the floor with a crash, clutching a hand to his face and looking up at the guard with a hurt expression.

“Leave, or I’ll do the other side!”

“You don’t have to be violent!” John got to his feet, massaging his face. The line of stitches on his cheek was bleeding again. He winced and frowned at the guard. “Link wouldn’t do this. I have to see him!”

“I told you to get out!”

John just barely managed to duck another flying fist, then backed away. “Ahh-ahh… Ok, maybe some other time?” A soup can flew past his left ear, and he started. “Leeeeeeeeeee?” he called, “might be time to re--AH! RETREAT!”

He scrambled back to where Lee was standing, staring in disbelief. She started. “John! Why would you--?! You can’t just force your way in…!” Lee gave him a perplexed, slightly angry look. But there were hints of dimples in her cheeks that gave away the smile she was trying to hide. That soup can had surprised him, for sure...

“Well…” John said, looking back and massaging the back of his head. “I thought they’d be a little nicer about it… Ow…”

She just sighed. “We can’t do anything about it right now, John… I really want to, believe me, more than anyone…” Lee gave him a small smile. “We just have to hope for the best. Or maybe a miracle.” Still striving to smile, she beckoned to him. “Let’s get you back to Ckkela. She’s not going to like what you did to yourself…”

John frowned, still looking back at the guard, but let her pull him along. He stopped massaging his head and ran a hand through his afro of hair, his frown deepening.

“But…” he said, as they rounded the corner, heading towards the Rebel base’s med-bay. “But… if we went in at night, knocked out the guard, stole his... keys? That’s the word?--and crept in, then we could talk to Link!”

She stopped and looked at him. “John, we can’t do that,” Lee said sadly. She gestured around. “Remember how they confirmed that Link did it? They restarted the Computer, and the cameras had recorded him. They’ll see us, and then we’ll be in trouble, too, and that won’t help Link at all.”

“But I have electricity!” he insisted, “I could kill the cameras, and the security systems, and… all the stuff.” He bit his lower lip. “If I could remember how…”

“No,” she said firmly, finally, painfully. “This isn’t a… isn’t a movie, where we can just sweep in and save the day! There might not be a happy ending…” Her voice dropped at this, and she looked away, lip trembling.

John winced and stopped talking immediately. You’re just making it woooooorse! He thought to himself. “There’s going to be a happy ending.” he said firmly, knowing that he was probably going to make things worse, but plowing on. “Link will be free, we’ll get back--wherever we’re going, the Empire will be defeated, and you and I will live happily ever after--ohhh…”

Lee’s face immediately flushed red, and she looked up sharply, then away, and her hands went to her face, covering her cheeks, then her mouth, and she squeezed her eyes shut and shook her head. She stood still a moment, not able to speak, just thinking, He still-- He does-- What do I--
Then she realized her silence was probably worrying John, and she peeked her eyes open, looking at him, but only able to quickly glance into his eyes. Never before had she felt so many butterflies in her stomach. What do I say?!
“I… John…” Lee stumbled over her words. Then she lowered her hands and took a deep breath, making herself look John full in the face. Swallowing, she said, as loudly as she dare, “I… I want that happy ending, too…”

Meanwhile, John too was baking in his boots. Dumb mistake, bad decision--knew it was a bad idea for Link to tell me. Shoot. How do I fix this? Er… sorry, slip of the tongue? I don’t really want to spend the rest of my life with you? Dumb and… untrue… Oh dear… this is going to be harder than I thought….
His ears, then cheeks flushed red when she glanced up at him and then looked away. And then she spoke. And he let out a deep breath--one that he had no idea he had been holding. He met her eyes and the cheezy half-smile slipped across his face. “R-really?”

She nodded, as though she’d spend all her energy on her words. Her mouth twitched into a small, tentative smile, as though still afraid of revealing her feelings. Then she gave a small laugh. “There-- we both said it.”

“Ah-hah. Yeah, er… yeah, we did. Yeah.” He grinned, ducking his head and rubbing the back of his neck.
Lee laughed more. “And I don’t know what’s supposed to happen next!” she said.
John chuckled at that. “Search me. Med-Bay?”

She nodded, still smiling, eyes glistening, still laughing a little. “Med-Bay it is!” Lee ducked her head, embarrassment lingering, and turned to go. But she stopped and looked back, and gave John a full smile.

“Well,” John said, smiling back, “I’m glad not to be shooting in the dark--er… Link told me everything while we were still on the ship, and… well, what do you say when someone tells you something like that, eh?”

Her smile turned a little sad and patient at the same time. “Link… I guess I’m not surprised he said something…” Then her smile faded, and she turned to face John fully. “He didn’t… he didn’t say that we were… together before… did he?” Her face was suddenly worried. “I don’t want you to… to feel like you…” Lee shook her head, and struggled with the words. “...like you… have to… feel this way… just because you did before…” She frowned and grimaced at herself. Worriedly she glanced up at him. “That’s not… what this is… is it?”

John’s eyes widened and he waved his hands in front of his face. “No! No no no no no! Not at all, no--er, he basically said I was a clueless idiot--which is true, so--” He broke off, pushing the door to med-bay open. “I don’t feel pressured, I want you to know that.”

“Lee? John?” Ckkela asked quietly, not looking up from her work. “Did you see him?”

They both stopped awkwardly in the door, and both struggled to come back to what they had been doing before. “Oh!” Lee said, a little loudly, then cringed a little. “Um… no… John kind of… Er, you can just look.”

Ckkela turned around, saw the large welt on John’s face and the re-opened line of stitches, and her face fell even further. “Right,” she said, “sit down here, John. Are you all right, Lee?”

“I’m fine,” said the cook, following John as he walked over, looking immensely guilty. Then she cocked her head at Ckkela. “Hey, are you all right…? I’m sorry, I should have kept him out of trouble…”

“Me?” Ckkela asked, turning her muzzle away. Her voice wobbled. “I’m… no, it’s not that--no offense, John--it’s just…” and she started to cry.

Lee stood, staring a moment, and then realization dawned on her. Link…

“It’s just… I don’t know what’s wrong with him, and I don’t know how to find out, and he’s stuck in there, and not even Commander Abby can do much about it, and--”
Her friend hugged Ckkela, and tears leaked into the K-Nire’s fur. “Oh, Ckkela…” Lee said, shakily. “I’m sorry… This is hard for you too, and I should have remembered that…”
John watched with a sad expression on his face, then he too scooted closer and wrapped his long arms around the two of them, saying nothing. What was there to say?

Ckkela was beginning to calm down, when a comm came in on her data pad, the sound making them jump. The K-Nire sniffled and picked it up.
Her ears perked up a little, though her face was confused. “It’s from…” she said. With a shaky paw she pressed the ‘Open’ icon.

“Hey, Ckkela!” Link’s voice came in through the data pad. He sounded characteristically chipper. “Don’t cry over me too much, yeah?” There was a pause. 
“That’s assuming that you’re crying over me… If you’re not… Um, anyway…” His voice became a little more sober. “Wanted to let you know, I’m not letting this get me down! I’ll get out of this. So don’t… don’t worry about me. And don’t say you’re not--you worry about everyone!” Link cleared his throat. “I’ll see you soon, okay? … Bye.”
The comm ended.

“Really helpful, Link.” Ckkela said into the comm. “I’ve no idea how you’re sending this but… really helpful. Not.” she gave a hiccupping laugh, and shook her head. “Don’t get killed, or get into a prison fight, cause I’m not there to save your butt. We’re doing everything we can. I miss you…” she whispered, then pressed the send button. She took a deep breath.
“That idiot…” she said quietly, then squared her shoulders. “Right, mister accident-prone. Let’s see about that face…” she said, her voice forcibly cheery.
John sat obediently while she inspected him, then began to take out the stitches with a frustrated growl.

Lee sat on the cot opposite, watching quietly. John kept looking over at her, and whenever their eyes met, they’d hold a second, smile in a half-sad sort of way, then look away. Why? Why does he still care so much about us, even though he doesn’t remember us… Lee asked herself. Link’s comm came back to her.
She knew that kind of message from him. It wasn’t just a ‘I’m okay, it’s all okay’ message -- Lee could hear some sort of plan behind the message. It was just like all those casual invitations to his house, that actually turned out to be surprise parties for her birthday.
What she couldn’t decide, was whether this was good or not.
It was then that Bade strode into the med-bay.

Post #367:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, July 7th, 2015, 10:09 PM:
(Part Fourteen - In which they all hide in the closet. Again.)

London’s face re-appeared in the bars. He looked straight through Link, towards the Rusi’s cell.
“A-ar jums vis… visiems? visiems viskas gerai...?”
“Kaip gera, kaip mes galime buti kalejime…” came Pietu’s depressed reply.
London laughed hoarsely. “Štai taip gerai, kaip mes ketiname gauti. Ypač su šiuo know- it- visi mums kompiuteriai žemyn… Computers are down…” he huffed, “impossible. They wouldn’t stand for such incompetence.”

Link raised an eyebrow. “Okay, guys, less gibberish, yeah?” He frowned at London. “The computers aren’t down… yet.” Then he stood and stretched. “Almost.”

“Hmph. I’m starting to think you can’t do it.”

“And I’m starting to think you can’t shoot a gun. Just cuz I ain’t seen ya done it, don’t mean ya can’t.” Link fiddled with his chains. A moment later, the cuffs came undone, and he set it carefully on the ground. He grinned at London.
“I’m in here because I hacked the Computer, alright? I shut it down. Now, I don’t remember doing it… but that’s a minor detail! What’s important is that, I know how I would hack something like that, so I just do that again. I don’t need to remember -- I just need to know it worked.”

Link stretched out his arms and cracked his back. “It’d be better if I had direct access to the Computer, but, can’t have everything.”

“So, you can do it?” piped Rytu, peeking through the bars.
“So he says…” said Pietu.
“Huh, yeah, so he says,” muttered Siauru.
“I’m sure he can,” retorted Vakaru.
“We’ll see,” London said quietly. But his eyes were starting to show his excitement.

SEND DATA_?
The mechanic took a deep breath. “Here we go. All or nothing.” He sent the data.
Five agonizing seconds passed. Then the lights went dark.

“Excellent,” Link grinned.
He pushed through the door, the lock of which he had picked a while ago. The Rusi were beginning to squeal.

“I can’t see!” “Don’t step on me!” “Where is the door?” “We’ll never make it out…!” “Is he going to get us?” “No, he ran away!” “Nobody would save us, I knew it…”

“QUIET!” London shouted from his own cell. “Don’t make me come over there!”
They went quiet. Then one of them -- Vakaru, probably -- whispered, “Do you think he would?” “Yeah,” whispered Rytu. They stayed quiet.

Link quickly picked the locks of the Rusi’s and London’s cells. Then he gestured to them. “Come on, quickly. I’ve got a place for us to hide -- I found somewhere the Computer’s eyes won’t see us, once it comes back on.”

“Good enough for me,” London grunted, limping from his cell and supporting himself on the wall. Seen all at once, it was obvious he was in no fighting condition, in any sense of the word. One leg had an enormous brace running up the length of his femur, with thinner metal poles going down the sides to encapsulate his boot. He leaned heavily on the wall of the cell, watching with a light in his eyes as the Rusi emerged.

“He’s not going to make it very far…” observed Pietu, staring at London and his leg.
“No, don’t say that,” scolded Vakaru. She trotted over to London and peered up at him. Then she smiled. “We’ll make sure you make it.”
“He’ll only drag us behind,” Siauru said sharply, arms crossed. “We’re wasting time as is.”
“Siauru, we can’t leave him behind,” whined Rytu. She too went over to London. Her slanted eyes appraised him. “Hey, I bet we could carry him!”

Link coughed. “Um… Not to be pessimistic, but not likely, kids.”

“Once again, everyone thinks we’re weaklings…” Pietu sighed.
“We are really much stronger than we look.” Vakaru nodded to Rytu. “Yeah, we could do it!”

London looked down at them, stony faced. But he really had no choice in the matter, because as one, they grabbed him.
And next thing he and Link knew, the Rusi were carting London off, quicker than they anticipated. “Let’s goooo!” Rytu called.
Link watched a moment, flabbergasted, then shook his head and took off after them, grinning.

“Will you kids slow down!” London exclaimed, bumping along on their shoulders. He felt every moment that he was going to go keeling off onto the hard stony ground. But each time he got close, they caught him. How is this where I’ve ended up? He smiled--thinly and barely perceptibly, but a smile none the less.
“Hey!” He called back over his shoulder. “Computer guy! Where’s this hiding place you were talking about? Come in handy right about now!”

He was right--the lights behind them were starting to flicker on…

“Just ahead!” Link reassured them. “Take a left!”
The Rusi took a sharp left, scrambling to keep London aloft.
“We won’t make it…” Pietu moaned.
“We will! Luck is with us!” cried Rytu.
“You just had to say that word!” snapped Siauru.
Rytu frowned. “Um, well… Maybe it will be different this time?”
Pietu gave a groan and pointed ahead. “You ruined any luck we might have had, Rytu…”

There were two soldiers, heading right towards them.

From nowhere, London whipped out a small pistol. He raised it to eye level, and with a slightly sinister grin, pulled the trigger twice.
The guards dropped out of sight.

"Go!" He shouted at the Rusi, "GO NOW!"

They all squealed in fear, but somehow managed to keep going. “Through those doors!” Link called. “They’re unlocked, but not for long!”
He rushed past them and pushed open the two large metal doors. They opened into a dark room, too dark to see the size of it, or anything in it. Link beckoned to them. “Come on, in, in, in!”
The Rusi shuffled in obediently, still dutifully carrying London, eyes wide. “We don’t like the dark,” whined Rytu.
“The lights will be on again soon,” Vakaru tried to reassure her sister, though she too looked scared.

Once they were all in, Link shut the door. There was a clunk as it shut.
After a tense moment of silence, Vakaru whispered, “Can we put Mr. London down…?”

“Yes please.” London growled, then cried out as they deposited him on the floor. “Easy--easy, Pietu! Careful with the leg.” He was silent for a moment, then his voice softened. “Are you four all right?”

“Yep!” said Rytu, cheerfully but still obviously nervous about the darkness.
“As fine as we can be in the dark…” Pietu added.
“Where are we?” demanded Siauru.

The lights started to flicker. Link, grinning, turned to them. “We are in what could be called the Rebel’s junk drawer.”

London’s face was completely deadpan.
“A broom closet. Really?”

“Better.”

And the lights turned on fully.
It was a massive room, and filled to the brim with -- junk. Discarded weapons, crates, tables, parts of robots, boxes labeled ‘toxic’, data pads, and even a small ship, a pod -- you name it, it was probably in there. Junk, but very fascinating junk. Link’s eyes were lit happily.
Even London looked impressed.
“Hah,” he said, “good. We can start building weapons.” He began to stand up, then grimaced. “Gahh… stupid leg. Stupid chest!”
“Sit down, Mr. London!” said Vakaru and Rytu in unison. They rushed over and looked anxiously up at him. “You can sit down -- we’re safe!”
“Hmph, we’ll see…” muttered Siauru. But even she seemed to be impressed with the junk drawer and its contents.

“We are most certainly, very positively, 99.9998%, nearly perfectly -- safe,” Link reassured them, looking immensely satisfied with himself. This look seemed to be directed to some degree towards London.

The sniper grunted, leaning back against a pile of discarded books and broom handles, and pulled off his cap--revealing a mop of surprisingly messy hair. “Works for me,” he said, begrudgingly, looking up at Link.

This Link took as a compliment, and he bowed. Then he straightened and became a little more serious. “Now, housekeeping details…” He looked at the Rusi, who were starting to poke at some of the junk items. Pietu had found a slinky and was swinging it back and forth in her hand, staring in a most depressed way as it swayed. “You kids can definitely explore! Just, you know… Don’t eat the toxic stuff, and avoid the weapons. ‘Kay?”

Rytu nodded eagerly. “Come on!” she said to her sisters, and the four scrambled off.

Link looked at London. “Yeah, this is a dumb question to be asking now, two dumb questions, actually, but anyway…” He counted ‘one’ on his finger. “Why did I let you out?” He counted ‘two’ on his other finger. “And why were you in jail in the first place?” Link didn’t give London a chance to answer yet. “I mean -- you could be a really, really bad guy. Eh, but you’ve got a soft spot for those girls, so you can’t be that bad. Anyway, important question is -- can I trust you? Cuz we’ll be sharing this drawer for… not sure how long, and I would like to, you know, not die at all or anything, get betrayed, and all that fun stuff.” He gave a half smile and a shrug. “I went on a whim -- I just wanna know I didn’t mess up.”

“If you would just shut up for five seconds,” London started, his voice unnaturally quiet and--maybe it was Link’s imagination, emotional. “I’d prove to you that I’m not a backstabbing killer like these Rebel cowards.”

He took a deep, ragged breath, took the gun from his belt and, with what looked like extreme difficulty, tossed it at Link’s feet.

“I’m in no condition to kill anyone, for one thing--obviously,” he added, as if anyone who would think otherwise was a complete and utter idiot. “For the next, I wouldn’t turn on you. You let me out--I owe you, and no matter how annoying you might get, that still means something to me. I don’t kill someone till I’ve repaid the debt. Thirdly, I…” and his voice fell away. His eyes suddenly seemed quite misty, but then the moment was gone and the hardness had returned to his face. “I was in that cell for showing loyalty to the one man who ever took pity on me. That’s all.” He paused. “Maybe for killing a Rebel Admiral… can’t remember anymore.”

Link leaned back against the pile behind him - unmarked crates topped with ridiculous amounts of dust - and rubbed his chin. “Alright,” he said slowly. Then he straightened. “If that’s all settled… I have a few errands I have to run. Okay to babysit?”

“Hah, babysitting…” London muttered, but he finally shrugged. “Just don’t get killed. I wouldn’t have to have my favor be retrieving and burying your corpse.”

“Yeah, cuz then I wouldn’t even know about it, and I’m all about getting my dues,” Link said. He walked to the door. London noticed that there were no handles or knobs; it was just two solid metal doors. Link placed his hand over where a handle would normally be, and it opened. “Adios!” Then he slipped out, and the door clunked closed again.

Post #368:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, July 7th, 2015, 10:22 PM:
(Part Fifteen - In which a bunch of stuff happens.)

John stared, inwardly trembling. He was standing right there. Bade. The one who was, somehow, connected to all of this… And he was just standing there.
What did he want?

“Can I help you…?” Ckkela asked slowly, standing up and cocking one ear. Bade looked at her and frowned, as if not quite sure what she meant. Tentatively, John reached out, probing at the man’s mind. An electric, whirring, static noise met his thoughts, and he recoiled. That sounded almost like--

“I’m looking for the Mechanic’s last known log entry. I’m… working on clearing his name.” He said it quickly--too quickly. John frowned. He didn’t trust this man--and he thought Bade knew it, too: he kept glancing at him out of the corner of his eye.

John didn’t break his gaze away.

“I think I can get that for you,” Ckkela said, her eyes lighting up with excitement. She went over to the computer and started inputting data.
“Thank you,” said the man, nodding gratefully. He shifted and looked around. It almost seemed like he was avoiding looking at John.

Lee’s eyes flickered between John and Bade. The Zeranorian had said Bade wasn’t who he seemed; her first instinct was to trust John, but with his missing memories, she wasn’t so sure. After all, she had no idea what it might be that Bade had done. After he’d joined the Outsider, he’d rather faded into the background. Then again, while no one was paying attention, he could have done any number of things.

But what did it have to do with Link?

“Hmmm,” said Ckkela, and it was a with a frown. She looked back over at Bade, ears drooped a little. “They’ve all been locked. I can’t open them.”

Bade gave a short nod. “Well, then…” He paused, and seemed to be looking for what to say next. “I’ll report that back to the Commander.” As he turned to go, his green eyes locked onto John, and he narrowed them, partly to intimidate, partly in discomfort. “It seems memories are missing all over…”

With that, the man left, walking heavily out of the room. They watched him, and that fedora, go.

Ckkela gave a sigh, ears still drooping, and turned back to John. “Let’s get those stitches back in…”

- + -

Ckkela’s data pad lit up with a little ding. She looked over. The Med-bay was mostly dark now, and empty, just the light by her workspace on, so the data pad’s light glowed brightly. The K-Nire picked it up, wondering, hoping, that it might be Link.

It was.

Don’t know if you got the news, the message read. I kind of busted out. Hey, don’t get mad at me! I’m not trying to run from justice -- I’m trying to find it! All that hero-type stuff, you know. Found some friends who can help me get my memory back. Then we can figure everything out. And I had a thought: if I can get my memories back, maybe we can get John’s back, too. So, I’m killing two birds with one stone! Also… I wanted to give you something. But you can’t say that you saw me, so you need to turn the lights out, okay? Loophole! -LR

Ckkela stared at the screen with a look of utter astonishment on her face. Link? Escaped? Her heart fluttered in her chest--partly from excitement, partly terror. If they caught him….
A thought came to mind, and she checked the signature on the message, then breathed a sigh of relief. It matched Link’s computer coding.
She began a response.

I don’t think you need me to tell you that you’re crazy. You’d better be safe, wherever you’re hiding. I hadn’t heard anything until you messaged me--the Rebels must be keeping it quiet. I can deliver food and medical supplies. The lights are off, here.
Ckkela.

Only a second after she sent it, a reply dinged.

Crazy - me? Never!
Okay, close your eyes. Extra precautions, you know? And don’t worry about these messages - they’ll automatically delete.
And, yeah, okay, I’m already in the Med-bay. Feel free to imagine me grinning sheepishly and shrugging.
Close your eyes and turn the screen off on your data pad. And try not to think how utterly cliche this is. Or extremely suspicious. Your call! -LR

Ckkela closed her eyes, and a smile slipped across her face. She pressed the off button on her data pad, and laid it on the table.

"Ok," she said, "I did that."

“Goody!” came Link’s voice, from somewhere to her left. She jumped a little, but didn’t open her eyes. “I’ll make this quick -- in and out like a whisper! Or is that the saying…? I always get it mixed up!”
There was the sound of footsteps towards her; then something was pressed into her paws. It was cold and hard and thin. Ckkela’s impression was that of a metal rod, slightly crooked, and heavier at one end.
“There’s one of the things,” Link whispered. He was right in front of her now, and she had to squeeze her eyes to keep them shut. “Not sure when I’ll get a chance to see you again… So… here you go!”

And he kissed her.
Lightly, gently, as though uncertain.
Then he turned Ckkela around in her chair, and was gone.

Ckkela sat there, stunned, unsure of what to think. She raised a paw and touched her muzzle, then blinked. He had given her something else. She switched on the light and looked down at it. It was a beautiful, antiqued, metal rose. Her eyes brightened and she ran a forefinger along its length. Then a thought came to her. As quickly as she could, she walked over to the sink, and poured antiseptic all over it, washing it off quickly. She rubbed it dry and laid it on her desk. Now he would be safe--no fingerprints, no evidence. She smiled, sitting in her "waiting" chair that she sat in while watching patients, and watched the rose.
Link... You'd better stay safe...
And slowly, her eyes drifted shut.

- + -

The door opened slowly. Link’s head poked around the door, and he blinked. It was dark again in the room.

“Guys?”

There was a surprised noise--halfway between a snore and a grunt, and London’s voice emerged from the darkness.

“Huh? Wha…? Whazzup? Whazgoin’on?”

Link flicked on the light.

London was lying back on a dusty couch, the Rusi kids asleep around him--his arms spread protectively around behind them. He looked disoriented and sleepy, his hair messy and eyes slightly unfocused.

“I’m home!” Link said. He grinned at London. “Did the kids tucker you out, eh? I wasn’t gone that long.” The mechanic found his own couch and plopped onto it, stretching out. He was smiling to himself, seemingly at more than just the amusing sight of tough London reduced to babysitting the Rusi. Link gave a sigh. Then he grinned again at London.
“You holding up?”

London gave him a withering glare, but then shrugged and relaxed, his face softening. "Holding together." He looked down at Vakaru, whose head was resting against his chest, and brushed her hair out of her eyes in an almost paternal fashion.
"You?" He muttered quietly, not looking up from the Rusi kids.

“Mmmm, I’m great…” Link replied. His voice was quietly happy, different than his usual loud cheerfulness.

"You win the lottery or something?" London growled quietly, pulling a blanket up around Pietu's shoulders.

“Better, man, better.” He let out a deep sigh, then stretched again. “You going to get any sleep like that, wrapped like a Rusi-burrito?”

"Kids'll wake up otherwise." London said gruffly, looking very seriously up at Link. "Sides, I don't need sleep." Then he growled. "What? You want a bedtime story or what?! What's got you so happy? You might as well tell me, if we're going to be stuck in here together."

Link just smiled, and looked up at the distant, dark ceiling. “Eh, it’d be too much warm and cuddly for you. You’d go into overload, buried as you are already.”

"I can do warm and cuddly--I'm an expert in warm and cuddly." He growled under his breath, shifting slightly to put an arm around Rytu.

“Don’t let them hear that.” Then he sighed. “Alright, I…” He gave a small laugh, shaking his head at himself. “I kissed the girl I love. And I am nearly certain she didn’t hate that.”

London was silent for a moment--his expression unreadable. He smiled, then looked down at his hands. His fingers massaged a thick, golden ring around his ring finger.
"I'm sure she didn't..." He almost whispered.

Link glanced over, and saw London staring at the ring on his finger, his smile bittersweet. His own smile faded.
“Let’s get some sleep,” he said, not pressing what obviously was a sad memory for London. “Tomorrow I’m embarking on my memory-finding journey, and I’m sure you’ll need to keep the girls out of trouble while I’m on my quest. After that…” Link paused, then finished, “After that, things should be better. For all of us.” He gave London a determined look. “I’ll make sure of it!”

"Humph," he said, but he looked more hopeful. "Better be. Don't know how much longer I can stay cooped up with these ruffians." He smirked at Link and shook his head. "Sleep well. I'll make sure you don't get brutally murdered in your sleep."

Post #369:  Imogen posted at Thursday, July 9th, 2015, 02:15 PM:
John lay awake that night.
Thoughts rushed through his mind, preventing him from sleep. He couldn’t dispel the image of Bade, the way the man had stared at him, eyes narrowed, almost as if repulsed--or perhaps afraid…

He sat up, then quickly swung his legs out of the bed. Briskly walking to his door, he opened it cautiously, and peered out. There was no one in the long corridor. He crept out and slid his door shut, then walked softly down the carpeted hall.
The docking bay wasn’t far.

He paused at the hatch, one hand hovering over the surface of the door. His heart was hammering in his throat, his pulse racing. He couldn’t imagine why.
The door opened at his touch. He stepped in.
There was no one there--he realized there wouldn’t be at this hour. Who besides a madman or a criminal would want to be in the docking bay at three in the morning?

The nearest ship was one of the Outsider’s two shuttlecraft. It had been cleaned up, and was waiting to be returned to the ship. Into this, John climbed.
He felt a slight fleeting fear, settling into the pilot’s chair, surrounded by switches and buttons. What if nothing happened? What if he really didn’t remember?
The fear in his throat, he looked down.

The helm stared back up at him. The knobs and switches and buttons and wires and lights flashed and shone up at him, hostile and unfamiliar. He reached out a tentative hand towards them, as if afraid they would snap at his spidery fingers, then withdrew. His heart sank. He’d really thought he would remember, if he saw the helm, touched the console…  

Guess it really is gone… I’ll just have to find some other way to fix this. I--
A sudden movement in his peripheral vision made him freeze. He ducked down, then peered up over the console again.

Someone had entered the docking bay.

He could see the man’s shadow on the wall, hear the click of his boots on the floor. He watched the shadow draw nearer and nearer. Finally its source emerged from behind the nearest ship.

It was Bade.

He stopped, and looked around carefully. There being no one around, he started forward again, with that steady, deliberate walk of his.
John hardly dared breathe as Bade got closer to the shuttle he was in.

But the man passed it by. Instead, he walked to the other shuttle that was in the bay: the Continuity's.
Bade entered it. Through the windows John could see him fiddling with the control panel. Just a moment later, he stopped, nodded in satisfaction, and left the shuttle. Slowly, too slowly for John's pounding heart, Bade exited the docking bay. He cast one last glance around, then was gone.

John’s common sense gave a final flutter, then died, and the Zeranorian followed him. Out through the hatch, into the hallway, as quietly as he could go. Bade was walking quickly, but John could more than make up for it with his long strides. The hard part was keeping quiet.
Those doorways were just too low…

CRACK!

John staggered back, head reeling, momentarily blinded, his hands clamped to his forehead. When the pain cleared and he shook his head, he opened his eyes to see Bade staring at him, a mixture of revulsion and hatred in his eyes.

"What are you doing out here so late, Mr. Turner?" Bade asked, ice in his falsely calm voice. His green eyes were unnervingly bright.

“Er… I--eh, got lost. Bathroom.” John mumbled, rubbing his forehead and trying to look innocent.

"I'm sure," replied the man in a tone that clearly indicated the opposite. Then he made a sort of growl, and said, "Then let me... help you back. Still in Medbay?"

“Uh… no.” John said, wondering a little more than nervously where this was going. “I have quarters with the rest of the crew.” The man’s eyes were fixed on him--he thought, almost hungrily. It was unnerving. 

"Ah. Then I will take you there." Bade turned and started walking. He said over his shoulder, "Don't get lost again, Mr. Turner."

John frowned, his brow furrowing deeply. He met Bade’s gaze without wavering. “I won’t, sir.” He said quietly.

There was icy, tense silence between them. Neither of them trusted the other. Both knew that. But they had to play nice, for now. So, they cast glances at each other, Bade's full of hate, John's full of suspicion.

Suddenly, out of the blue, Bade told him, "It's unfortunate that your friend proved to be guilty." His eyes watched John's face.

John blinked. What does Link have to do with this?
“He’s not guilty,” he said quickly. “Link wouldn’t do anything like that.”

Bade smirked. "Still defending him, after he hacked into the Computer again, escaped prison, and killed two guards along the way?"

John came to an abrupt halt. “What?” He asked flatly. Then: “Why did no one tell us?!”

"You weren't told?" Here the man laughed spitefully. "Well, that's what happened. Your 'friend' is as guilty as they come."
And they were at the crew's quarters. Bade smirked again. "Here you are, Mr. Turner. Rest well." And he turned and left.

John stared after him, his hands balled into fists, his eyes flaming. Of all the rude, insensible--but wait… why? Why would Bade know these things, or even care? 

Something wasn’t right. Something wasn’t right at all.

John made to follow him, but it was too late. Bade had disappeared. Cursing, he turned and re-entered his quarters, limping to the bed. His mind kept turning over what had happened that night. Bade was obviously up to something--something related to Link. Maybe he knew something. Either way, this had to come to Commander Abby’s attention. Then he remembered--tomorrow was the meeting between the Rebels, Continuity, and the Outsider officers.

Bade would have to wait.

Frowning and mentally bemoaning his bad luck, John pulled back the covers and lay in bed again. He fell asleep to dreams of cyborgs, strange former traders, and a dark, hole-like shadow spreading across the sky….

Post #370:  Imogen posted at Thursday, July 9th, 2015, 02:16 PM:
(This is a Continuity/Outsider integration post. It is the same on both RP Threads.)

"This is unacceptable."

"The man was deranged, their doctor said so herself! Clearly no fault of theirs!"

"No fault? He was a fine young officer! Full of potential! I should say it is absolutely their fault!"

"The Continuity should take some of the blame, they brought them here!"

"No one affiliated to StarForce is taking ANY blame! And besides, you were the ones who told us to go find them in the first place!"

"I accept full responsibility for my crew man's actions, and will take every step to work through you with this."

"Now that's more like it!"

"Ridiculous! The debt cannot be repaid!"

"We should jettison them from this planet immediately!"

"No! We've been looking for them for far too long to give up just because of this!"

"SILENCE!"

Admiral Lysi slapped her hands down on the table, glaring around at everyone. "Unacceptable. I'm surprised at you--all of you."

The Admirals stared back at her, some furious, others seeming ready to consider what she might have to say. Commander Abby, Kaerael, and Reagent and Kuna watched her anxiously.

“All right. Things havn’t gone according to plan.” She sat down and frowned at all of them, massaging her temple. “That is no reason to fall into mass hysteria! Now, you,” she said, pointing at Commander Abby. “Your crewman has committed an egregious crime, that goes without saying. What can you say for him?”

She sat up straighter. “He’s been loyal and faithful to us since we left Earth. I can’t understand why he would do this. However, he has in the past few months displayed some rather peculiar divergences from his normal personality. Ckkela believes that his computer systems may be malfunctioning, and that could be the reason for his actions.”

“That is no excuse! He killed one of our officers! Dashed good young man, too--far better than your scum--”

“QUIET!” Lysi shouted, slamming her palms down on the table and standing again. “No more of that,” she snapped at the Admiral, and he fell silent. She turned to glare at everyone else, and finally at the Commander again. “That may be true, however, we cannot run the risk that he might strike out again. I’m keeping him confined to our cells for the duration of your stay with us--potentially longer. There will be no discussion of this--” she broke off. One of the guards from the door had rushed into the room.

Lysi turned to him, and a number of the other Admirals rose as well.

“What is the meaning of this…?” she began, but the soldier interrupted her--saluting first.

“Ma’am, its the prisoners, they’ve escaped!”

The room burst into an uproar. Finally Lysi calmed them, once more, but now she too looked livid. She turned to Commander Abby with an expression of utter disappointment.

“In running he has proven his guilt.” she turned to the soldier once again. “Send out a search warrent for this man.”

He saluted again, then paused, looking slightly embarrassed. “Ma’am… London and the quadruplets got away as well….”

Lysi let out a groan and buried her head in her hands. “God help us all…” she mumbled.

Post #371:  Imogen posted at Thursday, July 9th, 2015, 02:20 PM:
"I'm hungry!" "Starved to death... What a fate..." "Maybe Mr. Link brought us something?" "Food, need food, food, food!"

Link awoke to the Rusi's clamoring, whining voices. Before his brain registered the words, his stomach did, and it growled in agreement. "Er, wha's going on...?" he asked groggily, rubbing his eyes.

"Food!" cried Rytu, suddenly popping up right in Link's face. She pouted. "We're hungry!"

“I’m about to be eaten alive,” London added sullenly.

"Oh, right..." The mechanic sat up. He took several moments to stretch and yawn. All the while, the Rusi kept whining.
"Of course there's no food," said Siauru pessimistically, little arms crossed in an angry manner.

"No, no," Link yawned. "I brought stuff..." He pulled a bag from behind his couch. Immediately the Rusi scrambled over, and they watched intently as he opened it, pulling out an apple, an orange-like fruit from some neighboring planet, a giant bunch of a pineapple-banana-like fruit, and six biscuits.

"Insta-breakfast is served!"

“What is this,” London growled, turning over a biscuit in his hands. “Some kind of brick? Breakfast biscuits should be light, hot, fluffy, and slightly crumbly. Worthless, these Insta-breakfasts…” He took a bite and frowned, but continued to finish it, and move on to the fruit.
“So,” he said finally, looking up at Link. “What’s the plan of action?”

Link munched thoughtfully on his pineapple-banana-thing. “This is… I’m not sure if this is good…” he mumbled to himself. Then he blinked and looked at London. “What? Oh, plan of action! Right!” He gestured to the Rusi. They were eagerly eating, and even Pietu seemed to be enjoying the pineapple-banana-thing (Link was thinking of naming it a pinenana). “We get my memories back. After that… Uh, well… It kinda largely depends on what my memories turn out to be.”

“Huh,” London grunted, taking another bite of pinenana. “And if they’re not good?”

He could only make a face to that. Then he swallowed the rest of his pinenana - making a face at that, too - and turned to the Rusi. “I’m ready to go walking some paths, kids. Please don’t lead me down dead-end ones.”

Vakaru looked up. “Oh! Yes, we can do that!”
“Hmph, he did hold up his end,” Siauru muttered. She frowned at Link. “Fine.”
“It probably won’t be anything good…” Pietu offered her thoughts.
Rytu clapped her hands. “Oh, goody! This will be fun!”

The four Rusi scrambled onto the couch, and Link was suddenly surrounded by their impish faces, staring eagerly at him. “Um, so, what do I do?” he asked.

“Think.”
“Nothing.”
“Imagine.”
“Sleep.”

“Which one?!” Link said, confusedly. “All of them!” Rytu said cheerfully, leaning on his arm and smiling up at him.
“Just start by closing your eyes,” Siauru said sharply.
He did so. “Okay…”
“Choose a thought, and follow it,” Vakaru offered. “Something that’s close to what you remember.”
“Or just a very strong thought,” piped up Rytu. “It will lead you through surely, just slower.”
Link shook his head. “Follow it?”
“Follow the trail it makes… It’s all connected in there, just hopelessly jumbled…”

The mechanic opened his eyes and gave the Rusi a look. “Guys, you’re not making a lot of sense.”

“Just do it!” snapped Siauru. She glared up at him. “Stop thinking about it, and do it!”

Link gave a sigh, closed his eyes, and wandered in his head for a thought to ‘follow’. Something like my missing memories? Hacking the Computer, then. He followed the codes he had used, followed the trail of viruses in the system, picked out the signatures he remembered, one of them had to be the creator of the Computer, it was the most abundant, but it wasn’t very secure, another person had made it stronger, but he couldn’t quite balance the weak system, it was a mesh, a fine, metal mesh, over a center of fluffy cotton, and you only had to weedle your way through the wire, and you were in, and the cotton caught fire easily, quickly.

His signature was in there already, from the first time he’d hacked it, but he hadn’t had time to look at the codes, most of them looked like the same ones he used the second time to shut it down, but if he could catch a snippet of one he didn’t use…
It was running through his head like a recording now. Link paused it, and grabbed that new code.

“Do you think it’s working?” whispered Rytu.

Link startled, his eyes flying open, and the code he had found flying from his mind. He stared at Rytu, and she squeaked. “OhmygoshI’msosorry!” she gasped.

“Good one, kid. Start over.” London said, sitting on the couch across from them and folding his hands under his chin.

Link took a deep breath. “Right…” He closed his eyes again, and tried to think of the code.

But now he could only think of his other codes. The one that shut the Computer down, the one that erased his traces, the one that he used to access the Outsider’s comms and cameras, the one he used a long time ago to hack into his boss’s computer at Galaxy Burger and give himself an astronomical raise, the one…

He grimaced and tried to trail back to the Computer. He’d suddenly come to himself, sitting in a chair in front of great, black monitors, there were several people on the ground, one of them was bleeding from a wound in the head, and there were people pounding on the door, they burst in before he had time to try to figure out why he was there, what had happened, and they were accusing him of sabotaging the computer.

London said it was unbreakable, but Link broke it, twice he broke the Computer, but why did Link break it, why, why, why.

A signature in a code flashed into his mind. Link grabbed onto it.
It was a solitary code, not one of his own, not the Computer’s creator’s, not the one who had strengthened the Computer’s, it wasn’t even from the Computer, it was a code in Link’s own systems, when he linked the two, and it was a code that wasn’t supposed to be there.

I found it.

He pulled the code out, and it displayed itself in his eye’s screen.
Link opened his eyes slowly.

“It’s not good news…” said Pietu, seeing Link’s expression.

London frowned and reached down towards his belt, where his gun lay holstered. “Don’t go crazy on us…”

Link just shook his head slowly. “I found it. My memories, and what caused…” He took a deep breath. “Someone from the Empire managed to put a virus in my system. They were controlling me.”

“Ah.” London said quietly. Then: “Can you fix it?”

“I’m not sure yet.” Link gently pushed the Rusi away and stood. “But I know who did it, and I need to warn the crew. I have to let them know that… that I could be dangerous to them.”

“An’ how’re you going to do that when everyone wants to kill you?”

Link gave him a smile. “Not everyone wants to kill me.”

“Heh,” London said, crossing his arms and, in spite of himself, smiling. “So, you got friends on the inside, or what?”

“‘Course I do. I just have to make sure no one finds out I’m communicating with them, especially the man who gave me the virus. I don’t want anyone getting hurt.” He mused over this a moment. Then his eyes lit up. He turned to the Rusi, who were staring up at him in curiosity. “You could deliver the message!”

“No.” London said quickly, standing up. “It’s too dangerous.”

Rytu, however, bounced up. “Oh, we could, we could! We’re very quick. We’d go where you need us, and be back, in no time! And we’re small, so we can hide easily.” She got very excited, and started pattering in circles around Link, skipping a little. “And we know the base, so we won’t get lost!”

“You are not going anywhere,” London growled quietly, his voice shaking. He looked down at the Rusi, his eyes haunted. “I will not lose you again, Naia--” His jaw snapped shut and he froze, staring at them like a deer caught in the headlights of an oncoming train.

The girls stared up at him, confused, eyebrows pulled together, frowning, heads cocked to various degrees.
“Who’s Naia?” said Rytu.
“It doesn’t matter, he doesn’t think we can do it…” said Pietu.
“We already did enough,” said Siauru.
“But I want to help,” said Vakaru.

“Just forget it,” London snapped, hiding his face and turning away from them and Link. “I’ll be in the refrigerator section of this junk heap if anyone needs shooting.”

They watched him limp away, the Rusi quiet, Link giving a sigh. Then Rytu looked up at Link and asked, “Did we do something wrong, Mr. Link? We just wanted to help…”

Link gave them a small smile. “I know, kid. It’s all right. You stay here; I’ll get the message out myself, don’t worry.”

He made his way over to the door, the Rusi still quiet. “Try to see if London is ticklish, yeah?” Link suggested, giving them a wave. He opened the door, exited, and it shut with a clunk after him.

John was waiting on the other side of the door, chin resting on his chest, which was rising and falling softly. When Link shut the door, he jumped, making an indistinct snorting noise.

“Oh, crap…” said Link softly, seriously hoping the Zeranorian didn’t wake up. Why is he even here?

No such luck.

“Mhmm?” John muttered, not even opening his eyes. “Zatyou?” he cracked one bloodshot eye, then closed it again. “IzBade… followed him… something to do with you… tracked your electrical signature… all through the walls. Gotta hide it better… Need to talk to you….”

“Shoot.” Link rubbed his face and looked around. Nobody else was around. He sighed. “Yeah, it’s Bade. He’s an Empire spy, another cyborg, and I’m kinda his puppet right now.”

John was wide awake in an instant. “What?!” he exclaimed, turning wide-eyed to his friend. “What do you mean? H-how?” he seemed to realize how obviously visible they were, and loud he was being, and looked around furtively. “We need to get to a safe location.”

“Hey, it was safe, until you started yelling,” Link said dryly. He gestured around. “Largely unused area.”

“I’m not yelling,” John said, dropping his voice to a loud whisper. He still glanced around, black eyes wide.

“Right, and I’m related to Michael Jackson.” When John gave him a confused look, Link sighed. He pointed to the door. “Might as well come in to mi casa.”

John blinked at the door. “A closet? Kinda cramped, eh?”

Link threw up his hands in exasperation. “Doesn’t anybody appreciate closets!? You, of all people, should!”

“Should I?” John asked, mystified.

“I would venture to say that you owe your current… standing with our dear Lee because of a closet. BUT, not important!” He turned and opened the door. “Come on!”

John followed him in, his eyes widening. “Ah. Not a closet.” The room was huge, filled with junk, and things that weren't so junky, and four little people who came up to about John's waist.

“Welcome to the Junk Drawer!”

“Junk drawer… yeah…”

“And those are the Rusi - Siauru, Pietu, Vakaru, and Rytu.” They came scrambling over, curious about the new person Link had brought in.
“Ooooh, you’re very tall,” said Vakaru, staring up at him.
“He looks sick,” said Siauru disdainfully.
“Probably has a deadly, contagious disease...” mumbled Pietu.
Rytu was probably going to say something, but she tripped and fell on her face.

John’s eyes widened and he knelt down quickly, hesitantly reaching out towards her. “Are… are you--”

She was already getting up, rubbing at her snubbed nose. “Huh?” she said, cocking her head at him. “Oh, I’m all right! It happens all the time!”
“It’s a wonder she’s still alive,” Siauru added.
“It’s a wonder any of us are…” Pietu said to herself.

John ignored the other two, a grin spreading across his face and understanding coming into his eyes. “Me too…” he said sheepishly, rubbing the back of his head and pushing his glasses up his nose. “At least, I think it does… seems that way…”

“What do you mean, you think? If you fell on your face all the time, I think you’d remember.” Siauru raised an eyebrow at John, somehow looking incredibly disapproving.

“Well… er…” John started awkwardly. He pulled his glasses from his nose and began polishing them slowly on the hem of his shirt. Though she be little, she be fierce… “I don’t exactly remember much of anything… someone wiped my memories.”

At this Siauru turned to Link and crossed her arms. “We’re not helping him get his memories back, too, if that’s what this is all about! We promised to help you, and that’s all. After all, we’re not even safe - we’re hiding in a glorified closet!”

John’s eyes ping-ponged from one to the other, blinking in surprise. “Liiiiiiink?” He queried slowly, standing up, the hand holding his glasses slowly rising to his face, and the hand in his hair dropping. “What is this?”

“Well, they kinda said they could help me with my memory problem, so I busted them out,” Link answered, shrugging.

John blinked, then looked down at the Rusi, his black eyes surprised. “You can do that?”

“It’s something the elders taught us!” Vakaru said cheerfully. She made circle motions on the top of her head. “It’s all connected, so you can’t completely lose anything, unless you lose all of your brain.”

“And that makes you dead, of course,” added Siauru.

Link nodded. “They guided me to my memories.” (note to self: develop memory-finding scene from before)

John cocked his head to one side, almost comically, and blinked. His gentle black eyes were full of confusion and his frown showed his doubts. Then something in his face changed--opened, as if he were realizing something.

“You could bring back… all of my memories?”

“Not us--you have to find them,” said Vakaru.
“If you find what took them all away,” explained Rytu, bouncing a little, “it should unlock the memories. Most memory loss is just them being blocked, or locked away. You have to find the key!”
“We’re not helping him!” said Siauru sharply, turning to her sisters and fixing them with a glare. They pouted. “Not for free!”
“Why can’t we just be nice…” muttered Pietu.
“Because life isn’t nice, that’s why!” answered Siauru. The Rusis looked at John, lips pursed. “I’m not saying we won’t do it at all, but you gotta offer us something worthwhile in return.”

“Worthwhile…?” John said, “but I don’t even remember the things I could do! What do you want… I guess is the question I should ask, eh?”

“The question we should be asking is what the hell are you doing here, and who the hell are you?”

John looked around. A man who was clearly a soldier was emerging from between the piles of books, and a large sink. He had a deadly glare on his face, and it was aimed directly at John.

“Kids,” he said, nodding, “Link. Who’s this?”

“I don’t know, but I like him!” answered Rytu cheerfully, smiling.
Link chuckled. “He’s John Turner, a friend of mine, and also suffering memory loss. Uh, not exactly the reason he’s here. He wanted to warn me about Bade, the man who gave me the virus. Poor guy, didn’t know I already knew.” He gave John a pitying look.

John frowned, eyebrows raised in annoyance. “I wasn’t born yesterday, you know.”

“If you’ve lost your memories, technically you were,” London intoned with a snort. 

John looked back at him, lips twitching.
“Got me there.” He looked back at the Rusi, his eyes bright. “Listen… If I get my memories back, I probably have something there that I can use to help you or pay you in some way. Would that work?”

Siauru didn’t look satisfied, but her three sisters seemed excited to help (Pietu was, at least, not frowning). “Come on, Siauru, please let us help!” whined Rytu. “It’s not like it’s a huge, gigantic, enormous effort for us! Just a minor inconvenience.”
“We know you hate inconveniences,” added Vakaru, “but it’ll be good in the end!”
“Who knows, maybe he’s super rich and just doesn’t know it…” said Pietu, quietly.

The Rusis’ frown wavered, and she glanced around at her sisters, at London, and Link and John. She gave a heavy sigh. “Fi-i-i-i-ine,” she said, dragging out the word. “We’ll help him.”

John’s eyes danced and his gentle face lit with excitement. A grin spread hesitantly across his lips. Memories of Lee, memories of my home, my friends, my sister… It’ll all be mine again! I won’t be a third wheel, and maybe… maybe I know something that can help Link! Let’s get to the bottom of this well. I’m ready.

He sank down to his knees, then crossed his long legs, closing his eyes. He was silent for a few moments, then cracked one eye and looked awkwardly at Rytu. “Er… what do I do…?”

“Close your eyes!”
“Take a memory--”
“Follow it!”
“If you can…”
He blinked at them, confusion in his eyes. But after a moment he shrugged and closed them again.

John frowned and bowed his electrocuted head, his glasses slipping to the end of his nose. Memory… walk the path… the path of memories… the path… path... 

Corridor.

It was long, dark, large, wide, and linoleum floored. He was small, looking up. He was injured. He couldn’t see properly, couldn’t stand. A man in a white coat with wild silver hair, and green eyes, was standing above him, writing on a clipboard.

“Subject displaying signs of initial cardiac arrest. Switch to electro-vascular system complete. Subject has been stabilized.”

“Help…” he muttered, leaning against the wall. His voice was surprisingly small and weak. He couldn’t move properly. Why not? He looked down. There was blood all over his shirt. He swayed, then began to fall back. Someone caught him. His blurring, fading vision caught a face before he lost all sight and sense.
“Mother…” he whimpered…

John sucked in a ragged gasp, shaking himself. “No…” I don’t want this. Not these memories…
“Keep walking,” said Siauru, quietly, still sharp, though. “You’re not at the end of the path yet. Find the key!”

John turned his face towards her, expression pained. Then he smiled resolutely, humorlessly, and, after a glance at Link, closed his eyes again.

...Key? Maybe a lock… always locked doors… now one was opening.

“John Icarus Turner, I hereby accept you into Zeranorian Command, Agency Branch. Carry this uniform and these orders with honor.”

He was looking up into her face, the face of the woman who had snatched him from the jaws of death and been as a mother--or at least an older sister, to him. Ema was smiling down at him, a proud glint in her eye…

...It was years later. He was in the same room, in front of the same woman. The atmosphere had changed.

“John, there’s a… situation.”

“I know.”

Her eyes were sympathetic. “After the… extenuating circumstances, we can no longer afford to have you as a member of Zeranorian Command--officially.”

John looked up at her, his heart heavy and his face full of conflicting emotions.
“I… I understand, Commander…”

There was a pause. Then:
“You’ve been assigned to an Earthen ship, one of their falcon class vessels. The Outsider. You can continue your mission off the records from there.” She handed him his discharge, a large metal box like a radio, and a list of codes…
“This should help you. Keep in contact.”

He smiled thinly up at her. “Aye, Cap’n…

...

Extenuating circumstances…?

…

....I, Juko of the High Council Court charge you, Aronan, with genocide and high treason, as well as return from your previous conviction. You shall be expelled from this planet, and your mind wiped. Your friends will be removed, and placed in a rehabilitation camp. Under no circumstances can this charge be reversed."
"My name is not Aronan! I am John Turner! Please, you have to listen to me, I came to warn yo--"
"The prisoner will be silenced! Aronan, do you have any last words?"
"Please! Don't hurt my friends. They haven't done anything wrong. Just don't hurt them."
"Then you admit to genocide, treason and return from past conviction?"
"No! I had nothing to do with any of that! I'm not Aronan! My name is John Turner!" He looked up into the crooked smile of the juror, Juko. That man's face, his bearing, the way he looked down his nose on everyone, even the High Council leader, Keemalo, was enough to sour John's heart. He hated him. He watched as Juko contemptuously waved him away.
"Guards, take him away. Remove his... friends... from the court. Take them to the DunVar mining colonies."
John kicked, struggling against the bonds.
"NO!!! NOOO!!! LEAVE THEM ALONE! PLEASE!!!"

“NO!” But this time he didn’t resurface. He sat there, his face contorted in a grimace of anger and fear, his fists clenched.

Link moved forward, face worried, but Pietu held up a hand. “He’s too far down the path now. He has to keep going… Going until the end. Go to the end, John...”

...To the end.

Is this the end, Gen?

Looks like it.

They were crashing. Trees lashing the ship, people soaring through the sky like birds, strange aliens pouring through the tears in the fabric of the ship. Fever, pain. Pain, there was always pain…
…

But maybe not always…

…

He was watching her self-consciously: she didn’t know it. Cooking, bent over the stove, a strand of her hair hanging loose from her bun, hanging down almost to brush the surface of the soup. He couldn’t understand. He wanted to, but it escaped him. What was it about that hair, flowing around her face like a soft, auburn waterfall. He jumped, turning around, his ears burning. What was this? He’d never felt that before! He cast a glance back over his shoulder. She was watching. He grinned sheepishly and waved his fingertips.
Lee was different. He’d have to investigate this further...

…

Pain. Pain. Lots of it.

Bade was there. So was Aronan.

Aronan. His brother. The one he’d left, abandoned his kinder older brother because he was too afraid to leave his abusive parents. Too afraid to steal his sister and run. Run to Ema, run to Kethone and Mirona, run to Command… There was no where to run. And now he was trapped with a nightmare of his own creation.

“Aronan… please…”

“And now my cover’s been blown.” Bade’s eyes bored into John, disgust in his face. John raised a blood-spattered hand pleadingly. “What’s he doing here?”

“Don’t you speak to me like that! I’m your superior! He is here because he has vital information to the success of our mission.”

“Well, seems like I’m way ahead of you, there, if he hasn’t cracked yet.”

Cracked… I’ve cracked… I did, with him...

He knew everything. Everything there was to know. He was inside John’s head,  perusing through his thoughts like one would through a book. There was nothing he could do to stop it.

I must remove the foundation, and then everything will crumble. Cherish your memories now, John Icarus Turner. You won’t have them again.

He was crumbling… fading away… like ashes tossed to a breeze, John could almost see his life, his memories falling through his fingers… slipping away. He snatched, snarling and grasping at the tiny grains of sand, the draining memories… draining life. Lurid would NOT have the codes! Over his dead body.
Or at least, over his empty shell…

His mother loomed up before him, eyes bright, scalpel reflecting in her glasses. Then she was Aronan, and his father, behind her, was a hooded, rasping blackness in the fabric of reality… And behind them, behind it all, loomed a dark shadow… the shadow of a deeper, more frightening reality… something dark. Something violent and cold and impersonal...

He gasped as if punched in the gut. The darkness pressed heavy on his soul. Lurid… Aronan… Bade… Negatives…

“Good… triumphs…”

Does it? Does it really? When all seems hopeless. It’s not like we can defeat Aronan or Lurid, or Bade or Mother…

Underneath the darkness rose a light--electric white, blinding him, forcing the darkness back. He remembered… he remembered Lee, and Commander Abby, and Link, and Ema and Sensa and Yukan and Ytotia--and even Kkeut. They existed! They stood up against the darkness, even when all seemed hopeless or lost.

Because if they didn’t, who would?

…

My name is John Icarus Turner.

I am the Pilot of the starship Outsider.
I am in love with Lee Sylvir.
I am not giving up.
I have a mission.

I have a ship to fly.

John’s eyes snapped open--intense, glinting with purpose, his brow furrowed, a defiant smile on his lips. He stood up, looked at Link with knowing and understanding in his eyes... and immediately keeled over.

“I’m guessing he remembers,” said Link.

Post #372:  Imogen posted at Thursday, July 9th, 2015, 03:10 PM:
(Sorry to dump all this on you guys! We're trying to curtail the never-ending post, so that its not so exclusive to just us.)

"My Lord," Aronan said, emerging from the darkness of his workshop. He was holding a small, glowing hard drive. "The AI has been completed and matched to our systems. It is ready to be implemented." His eyes glowed at the thought. "We'll finally have the AntiCure programme, and our fully weaponized fleet will be under our--your complete control. A smart system facing dumb ships--and people."

He grinned darkly up at Lurid, then his smile faded. "My Lord?"

The Emperor was staring, past Aronan, apparently at nothing in the room. But his eyes darted, as though watching some moving thing. They narrowed.
“How?” he hissed, anger seething in his voice. His eyes snapped to the present, to Aronan. “That brother of yours -- he found his memories. And now--” Lurid gave a harsh laugh “--now he knows of the cyborg, and of you, and…”
He started breathing quickly, and pacing. “Don’t stand here, telling me how you think you’ve done so well! The Rebels gain hope every second. It must be blotted out! There must be no light!”

“What?!” Aronan exclaimed, his eyes widening. “He couldn’t remember! It’s not possible!” He hissed a breath through his teeth and watched Lurid pace.

“Do you doubt me?!” Lurid snapped. He fixed a wild eye on Aronan. “You should have killed the girl.” He began to wring his hands, nails digging into his skin, and little lines of oil-black blood appearing. Then he froze, and seemed to calm somewhat.

“We have the AI. Send the attack. Send it as soon as possible. Send it!”

Aronan flinched back. “Yes, my Lord.” He backed up, then turned and walked out of the room. Kill the girl, you should have killed the girl… He shook his head and kept walking. He’d have to work on that one particular weakness….

Post #373:  Imogen posted at Thursday, July 9th, 2015, 03:11 PM:
“I should have known he would die…” said Pietu in a tone that made everyone else feel incredibly depressed, if only for a moment.
“He’s not dead!” retorted Vakaru. She, and everyone else, was leaning over John, who was laid out on the couch and looking somehow sicker than when he came in. Her hand was holding his wrist. “He’s got a pulse!” Then she looked up at Link and London. “Does that still work with Zeranorians?”

A snarl crossed London’s face. “Sometimes. Darn things don’t die easy though. Even if it’s heart’s stopped, it can still survive--electrical systems and all that.” He frowned at Link’s confused look. “Know from personal experience. You wanna kill a Zeranorian? Make sure they’re dead.”

“Er, thanks, I’ll keep that in mind,” Link said, “You know, when I’m on my top-secret mission to eliminate the Zeranorian race, one-man army style.” He looked down at John. “But you’re right -- he’s been through a lot, but not dead yet! Good thing.”

Rytu poked John’s soft cheek. “He’s still warm. That’s good, right?”

London finally exploded. “Oh for crying out loud, stop babying it. Here, I’ll wake it up, if that’s what you want.”
He slapped John in the face. “Get up, you brute!”

John gave a yelp and convulsed, eyes snapping open and arms flying out in every direction, accidentally slapping those around him.
The Rusi screamed and scrambled away, hiding (unsuccessfully) behind London. Rytu, peeking at John, said in a small voice, “Is he going to do that again?”

“I hope not.” John said weakly, then aimed a glare up at London. “Your wake-up calls leave much to be desired,” he said flatly.

“Yo, John,” said Link, moving to be in John’s line of sight and waving a hand. “You, uh, remember everything?”

John turned his black eyes to him, then blinked for a moment. Then let out a groan and placed his head in his hands.
“I’m such an idiot…”

“You remember you’re an idiot?” Link said. “Not very helpful…”

“Link,” John muttered from between his fingers. “Lee. I should have guessed, or at least thought about it. And… Oh…” he dropped his hands, his eyes wide. There was a large smudge on one of his lenses, but he didn’t even notice. “Ah. We may have a problem…”

Link made a ‘go on’ motion with his hands. “And that problem is…?”

The pilot looked helplessly up at him. “Lurid has AntiCure--or a copy of him, anyway.”

“Oh, eeesh, that is a problem.” Link leaned back, arms crossed, and rubbed his chin. “Man. Uh… Yeah, with AntiCure, he could do a lot of nasty things. Power other ships. Wouldn’t need much of a crew on each ship that way. Less casualties, more ships…” The mechanic rubbed his face. “Oh, man… We both got a lot of problems, and not a lot of ways to fix them.”

“We’ll find a way,” John said firmly, but his heart wasn’t in it. “First, we need to make sure Commander knows what’s going on… by now they’ll know that you’ve escaped. I can relay your side of the story… yeah?”

Link nodded, but he still looked worried. “Be careful about Bade, man. If he finds out that we know…” He drew a line across his neck.

John’s eyes hardened uncharastically. “That man stood by and let you get into this mess--put you into this mess. I’m looking forward to meeting him. Maybe I can pull off an Aronan--whaddya think, tall, dark and demonic…?” He struck a pose, then grinned sheepishly and rubbed the back of his head, shrugging. “Ehhh… maybe not.”

“The biggest problem is the virus,” Link said. He sat on a nearby stack of books. “I can’t get rid of it without Bade knowing. And if Bade finds out we know about it, he can remotely terminate my systems. Bye bye to Link.”

“Ah. Little bit of a problem.” John said softly.

“Just a lil bit.” But he grinned, a little tremulously. “But let’s get to the action part, yeah? Starts with you, John!”

“Riiiiiight,” John said dubiously, starting to stand. “Action--Guh…” His face drained of all its color, and he leaned heavily on the bookshelf next to him.

Link eyed him critically. Then he snapped his fingers. “Excellent idea, John! We’ll get Ckkela to pick you up. While she cares for you, you can tell her what’s up, while still pretending to everyone else that you are an amnesiac. Two birds killed with one stone - you get better, and you get the news out.” He nodded, smiling and pleased.

John’s eyes brightened, and he returned the look. “Ah, I like the sound of that much better… Yeah… not walking sounds good right about now.” He sank down onto the couch and leaned back, pressing his head into the soft, slightly beaten upholstery, and closing his eyes.

- + -

Ckkela’s data pad pinged.

Some guy looks really sick. Like, really really sick. Might want to help him. Room 864K. -LR

Ckkela blinked down at the data-pad, worry starting in her throat. Sick? Who could be sick? What if it was Link who was sick? What if he’d been shot?

She grabbed her medical bag and started out the door at a run.

Finally, after about ten minutes navigating the endless passageways and corridors - the Rebels were unorganized in everything they did -, she came to a door… or, it looked like a door, but she could see no handle.

A closet?! She looked up at the room sign, very faded and hard to read. Room 864K. She shook her head, raised a paw, and knocked.

“Pizza delivery?” came a cheery voice on the other side. “Oh, I wish.”
The door opened, just a little, and Link was there, smiling. “You got here quicker than I thought you would!”

Ckkela’s breath returned with a whoosh. She engulfed him in a hug. “I thought you’d been shot!” she exclaimed, then pulled back and glared at him. “That’s a bad way to call me, Link Rukor!”

His smile didn’t fade. “We-e-ell, I wasn’t lying about someone being sick,” he replied. “Give me points for honesty?”

“Depends,” Ckkela said darkly, passing by him into the room. Her eyes widened. 
“Oh, John! Again?!”

“Your most faithful patient,” said Link behind her. He shut the door, and it clunked loudly. “He can’t stay here, tad dangerous, ya know, but he’s, you know, being John and sickly and frail--”

“I am not frail!” John said indignantly, raising his head and glaring at Link.

Link ignored him. “So… Can you get him back to Med bay? He’s got a lot to tell you when you do.”

Ckkela clicked her tongue and raised an eyebrow at Link as she walked past. “You owe me a favor, Link Rukor.” She walked over to John, sliding an arm under his. “All right, come on you invalid.”

“I’m not--guys!”

Just then her eyes fell on the Rusi, then London, who currently seemed to be trying to blend into the refrigerator behind him. She started in surprise. “Link! What?! Who are they?!”

“They’re friends…” John started, then paused. Ckkela didn’t know yet. “Er… they know how to bring people’s memories back…”

Ckkela gave a start and almost dropped him. She turned to stare, her brown eyes wide, her ears up and forward. “John...?” she said slowly, then looked over her shoulder. “Link…?”

John grinned sheepishly and waved. “Hey. We’re back.”

Ckkela let out a deep breath, her face brightening. “This is… this is wonderful! We can prove that you are innocent, Link! And John, you remember the Negative ship… the…?”

“The Empire has AntiCure, and Link killed someone.” John said flatly.

Ckkela froze. She started to shake, then her legs gave way. John made an indistinct yelping noise and just managed to catch her and stay upright himself.

“Wh… what do you mean…? You killed someone?!” she exclaimed, looking at Link, terror in her eyes.
He rushed over to her and took her from John, helping her to get steady. Smiling sadly, he told her, “I’ve got a virus in my system. Bade put it there - he’s a spy from the Empire. The food fight, and hacking the Computer… He controlled me. And… yeah, made me kill someone.” Link sighed, and his smile faded.
“You have to get John back to the Medbay. He has to tell Commander -- everything. You can do that, yeah?”

Ckkela snuffled, then nodded.
"I... I... Yes. I can do that..."
Link smiled at her. “That’s my girl!” He gave her an encouraging hug, but it lingered a moment. “Er, right!” he said, pulling away and smiling in a sheepish way. “We’ll get this fixed, no worries!”

She buried her muzzle in his shoulder. "We'd better." She turned away, trying to hide her tears.
"Come on, John," she said, putting her arm around him. "Let's get you back to med-bay..."

John looked back over his shoulder at Link as they walked towards the door. "Good luck, buddy. We'll get you out of this."

Post #374:  Imogen posted at Thursday, July 9th, 2015, 03:12 PM:
In the room it was dark.

Who was he?

Why was he here?

...

Was that… crying? His own voice, lilting. What did his voice sound like?

“I am alone.”

His voice sounded young to his ears. He didn’t feel young. What was his name?

“Excelsior.”

The door at the end of the room opened. The boy looked up. His chains clinked as he shifted, trying to get as far away from the newcomer as possible. Aronan came forward, loosed him, and put a sword in his hand.

“It’s time.”

Excelsior raised his eyes, deep violet eyes, and scoured the Negative’s face.
He spoke the truth.
They were here.

Post #375:  Imogen posted at Thursday, July 9th, 2015, 08:16 PM:
John and Ckkela made their way swiftly to the med-bay, managing to avoid encountering any major compromising characters, such as Lee or Bade. By the time they got there John looked quite a bit better--but Ckkela still insisted on checking him over. She frowned as she looked at the data feed on the screen.

“You’re very anemic.” She said with interest, squinting at the screen.
John made a face. “If this is another crack about my… physical state--”

“No, no, its just interesting. Are all Zeranorians like that?”

Fortunately he didn't have to answer, because at that second the doors slid open and Commander Abby strode in.

"Ckkela," she said, “give me some good news."

Ckkela turned around, then glanced at John who returned the look meaningfully.

And he told her--everything, starting with the assignment on Zeranor, up to Link’s capture, and through the retrieval of their memories. When he was done he stopped, looked up at her, anxiety in his eyes, surety in the set of his jaw.

She stared.

“Is this true?” she asked Ckkela. The doctor looked at John, then nodded.

“Well, it checks out. All his memories are in fact, back.”

Commander Abby took a deep breath.
“Then, I have a lot of explaining to do to the Rebels. And to my crew.”

The crew… Lee! John’s eyes widened, and he leaped out of the cot, sprinting to the door, ignoring the Commander’s order to stop, and Ckkela’s cry of “wait!”

He had to tell Lee!

Post #376:  Imogen posted at Thursday, July 9th, 2015, 08:23 PM:
(Here we go--we're going to finish this tonight!)

Aronan paced the bridge of his ship--the fastest, most streamlined of the Negative fleet. He stopped at the view-dome and looked out into the vast reaches of space. Tiny to enormous ship-shaped holes were spread out around him, far and near. They were numbered in the thousands.
The Negative smirked. Let them try to stop him now. He raised his comm. to his lips.

“Engage ‘Cyanide’ Programme.”

From beyond the glass window, a thousand thousand ships shouted, raising their voices in reply.

“Cyanide programme engaged!”

A pleased smile tugged at the edges of his mouth. 
Aronan spread his arms wide, though there was none to see him.

“Take ‘em down.”

Post #377:  Autumn Lee posted at Thursday, July 9th, 2015, 08:30 PM:
((Sorry if we're overloading you guys! We'll give you a few days to absorb all the intensity... which keeps intensifying))

Pine swung back and forth in his chair, staring morosely at the pile of beans set before him. He stuck a spoon in and let some of the sludge-like concoction slip off of it and splatter onto the plate.

“No meat…” he muttered, growling a little. “Just beans… no blood. Hum...”

“Stop being such a vampire!”

The Phaelan looked up. Lee was taking his plate away, and replacing it with what looked like meat. He sniffed it dubiously, then his green eyes brightened and he attacked it with his fork.

“Lee!”

Pine looked up. The other--former, pilot--John had just burst through the doors to the mess hall.
Lee startled and almost dropped the plate of beans. “John?” she said, face worried and confused. “Is something wrong?”

He met her eyes, and his filled with some strange, incomprehensible, emotion in his face, deep like wonder.

“Lee…” he said, his black eyes wide and deep. Then he shook himself, and the moment was gone. He looked around self-consciously, and walked to her.

What am I supposed to say? How can I say anything? Only the Commander can know… but how can I keep all this from Lee? It’s not right…

He stopped in front of her. She was looking at him expectantly. His frown deepened and he bit his lower lip, running a hand through his electrocuted hair.
Start talking, or this is going to get real awkward, real quick.

“I… er, have to talk to you…” he started. Not the best catch line. Lying to Lee? Darn, this is going to be hard…

She blinked, then set the plate down. "What's going on? Did something happen?" Her eyes searched his face anxiously.

John tugged on his ‘bangs’. “Er… In a sense. Um, kitchen?”

"Sure," she said, uncertainty in her voice. She picked up the plate of beans and walked to the door. Too many different ideas of what might be going on ran through her head. What happened? He looks... different, somehow. Something big must have happened. Oh, Lee, don't worry yourself so much...

In the kitchen, she set the plate on a counter and turned to John. "What do you need to talk about?" Lee looked up at him, expectantly, worriedly.

How do I do this? There’s no guidelines for this sort of thing, no rulebook for piloting a conversation, let alone a… relationship. Dash it… He looked down at her, his tense expression relaxing slightly. He wouldn’t have to lie for long…

“Lee,” he said quietly, “Link’s escaped.”

She sucked in a quick breath. "What?! How-- why-- Is he OK?" she stammered.

“Yeah,” John said, looking furtively around. There was no one in the kitchen. He closed the door then turned back to her. “I’ve seen him, he’s fine. He knows what’s wrong. Lee, one of the crew is from the Empire. It’s Bade.”

She watched him, glancing around and closing the door. This is supposed to be a secret, then? At the word 'Empire' she frowned. "You... remember the Empire? And... What does Bade have to do with Link...?"

Ahhhhh…. hmm. This could be a problem.
“Uh… Link told me about the Empire. And you can’t not know about it, being here.” He gestured around the general area, at nothing in particular, not looking away from Lee, but also not meeting her eye. His frown deepened and he shook his head. Oh dear…

“Bade is a cyborg. He’s controlling Link, making him do these uncharacteristic things--shutting down the computer, starting the fight with the traders--”

Lee didn’t say anything, but her eyes grew pained, sorrowful, and she looked away. She stared at the plate of beans. “Right…” she said softly. “Link’s a puppet… Bade’s a spy… You--” But she cut herself off and shook her head. First my parents, and then John’s memory, and now Link… Will I never get to keep my family?

John’s face twitched, a grimace flashing across his lips. He watched her, her sadness spreading, threatening to overwhelm her, and his frustration grew. You could fix this. No… I wouldn’t be fixing anything. I’d be making it worse, like I always do. Time to stop trying to fix everything…

“I’m sorry, Lee.” he said quietly, casting his eyes to the ground. He took his glasses off of his nose and slowly polished them on the hem of his uniform. “The good thing is, though, he’s safe for now. He’s in a place where no one could possibly find him, and he has some friends. They’ll be all right, until we can find a way to prove Bade guilty.”

She squeezed her eyes shut and shook her head, and gave a short laugh. “How can you still be so optimistic? After everything--” Her voice dropped, and she sighed. “You don’t remember, but I do. It just… It just keeps getting worse. I don’t know how much more I can handle…” she whispered.

He took ahold of her shoulders, and knelt, looking into her eyes, his face deeply serious, his bright eyes deepening. “Lee Sylvir, you’re one of the bravest people I’ve ever known. You aren’t conditioned for warfare, yet you’ve withstood it like no other, and stayed strong in the face of the most brutal, desperate crises. You can get through this, and you will. I won’t let you fall.”

She held his gaze. Her blue eyes grew moist, and tears leaked out, but she didn’t make a sound, just listened. When he finished, she searched his face, his eyes.

“I… I didn’t tell you my last name…” Lee said faintly.

John stiffened slightly, barely perceptibly. He blinked, trying to look confused--not an enormous feat for him. “I… dunno where that came from…”

Fortunately for him, she didn’t get a chance to answer, for, just as she was about to speak, the entire room shuddered, and a sound like an explosion erupted in their ears. Cracks laced across the ceiling, and plaster fell around them. John leaped up, his hands raised, crackling with electricity, his eyes wide. On the other side of the door, people were screaming.

Lee’s heart sunk deep. There could only be one thing happening: The Empire was attacking.

John looked at the door, his heart pounding in his throat. The crew… the Continuity… the Rebels! He looked back at Lee, his eyes flaring. “They’re not going to do this.” He took her hand, and started for the door, his other hand raised, covered so much as it was with flaming electricity that his fingers weren’t even visible. He kicked the door open.

Outside everyone was running this way and that, snatching up weapons, pulling on vests, running for the doors. Out of the large glass window set in the ceiling above them, a fleet of stark, black ships was descending, like ravens, like vultures upon the dead, descending upon them.

John turned to Lee, grabbing her shoulder. He reached down to his belt, withdrew something, and pressed it into her hand.
It was his gun.

“Run to the ships. Prep the Outsider for launch. The civilians’ll need evacuating. I’ll be along as soon as I can--there’s something I have to do.” He hesitated for a moment, then stepped forward and kissed her, his arms around her body. Another explosion resounded around them and he looked up, black eyes wide. The glass window was cracking. He gave her a push towards the door.

“Go, now!”

He started backing away, his eyes full of fear, but also a resolution--could it be... courage? He looked back at her one more time, and smiled, strength in his eyes.

“I love you,” he said, then turned and ran.

Post #378:  Willow Skyrider posted at Thursday, July 9th, 2015, 08:38 PM:
(What they said.)

He was cold, unconcerned. Why were they making so much noise?


The blade was sharp. He had tested it on one of the men on the ship.


He didn’t understand why they needed him. They used him enough already.


...


Where was she?

She was the only reason he had agreed to come.

He had to find her.


...


They screamed so loudly when he ran them through...


- + -


John catapulted around corners, darting through hallways, up flights of stairs, four steps at a time. I’m coming, Link!


The torrent of people rushed around him, their bodies pushing, knocking, against his as he fought through the human current.


Time to take a shortcut.


He vaulted up a flight of steps, turned off of the main corridor and darted through an open doorway. He skidded to a halt, his heart leaping into his throat.


He had come out on a walkway, jutting from the wall. A few feet from lay a deadly expanse. He crept forward and peered over, and felt his legs go weak. Far below lay the docking bay.

He clutched at the railing, his knuckles whitening.


"Heights... Not heights... Oh my days..."


He tilted his head back. Above, an entry port revealed the black ships descending from the sky in droves.

His head snapped to the side, and he stared for a moment along the walkway, then started off down it at a run, trying hard not to look down.


A door ahead of him flew open with a bang, and someone stepped out onto the walkway.


It was Link. 


Close behind him were London and the Rusi. John limped over at a run.


"Link! The Empire is attacking, we have to get you guys down to the ships."


Another shudder racked the building, and John staggered against the wall, trying to stay as far away from the edge of the walkway as was possible.


“Yeah, I kinda noticed that!” said Link. He grimaced. “I also kinda noticed that my little Computer-hacking adventure took away our defenses. We’re sitting ducks! Already cooked and buttered, and ready to be eaten!”


"Ah," John said, one hand on the shuddering wall and concern in his eyes. "That's not good. Can you change that--get the defenses up and running again?"


“I’d have to actually be at the Computer, there’s no way I could do it remotely, right now.”


"Ok," John said firmly, looking up, then off to his left. Ships were beginning to rise from the docking bay, towards the exit port far above their heads. "We can do that. Let's go, we haven't much time."


The Rusi were absolutely terrified, and as such, not very helpful. They huddled around London, eyes very wide, all shiny with tears.

“I always knew we would die young…!” moaned Pietu.

“But I don’t want to!” cried Vakaru.

“Nobody does!” choked Siauru.

“I wish we never left home…” sobbed Rytu.

"Hush, kids," London said softly, surprisingly gently, his arms, adorned as they were with guns and grenades, around them. "You're going to get through this, just fine. I won't let anything happen to you."

They still cried, but seemed to take some comfort in London’s embrace.

“At least…” sniffled Rytu, “Somebody… finally... liked us…”


Link listened, and something passed over his face. He turned to John. “Get these guys to a ship. I’m going to the Computer.”


"You are not going alone." John said stiffly, frown-glaring at Link. "Especially not in the current situation, never mind that just about everyone wants to kill you."


“We’re not going to argue in the current situation!” said Link, waving his arms wildly. “Your best chance for safety is the ships. The best chance of saving the Base, and driving away the enemy, is the computer.”


"It's also not a good chance if the only one who can restore the defenses gets killed by one of our own! Look, you're right--we don't have time for this."

He turned to the wall, snatched the comm from his belt, and pressed it to his lips.


"Gen!"


"JOHNWHEREAREYOUTHEPLACEISCOMINGDOWNAROUNDMYEARSANDIMINTHEDOCKINGBAYANDEVERYONE'SGOINGCRAZYANDWHEREAREYOU?!"


"Above you. Meet Link at the computer, I need you to guard him. He's going to fix the Base's security parameters."


"WHAT?!?!IMNOTTRUSTINGTHATBLASTEDNINCOMPOOPMECHANICWITHMYHAIRDRYERLETALONEMYLIFEAREYOUCRAZY?!"


"Possibly," John cast a glance at Link, at the others, and a look of hope flared across his face. "But I doubt it. We can fix this. We won't leave without you two. He'll be along as soon as possible."


There was a pause, then Gen gave an enormous sigh that one could hear, even over the comm.


"Kill me now."


The comm went dead. John looked back at Link, a hint of a smile flickering across his lips. "Whew, good luck surviving her, let alone the friendly fire!"

Composed by the little British Droid.

Post #379:  Imogen posted at Thursday, July 9th, 2015, 08:40 PM:
(Ditto. Sorry for the overload, guys! In recompense, John will do a salsa dance, for your enjoyment.


Preferably not.)

Pine was flanking the Commander as she ran. He kept his hand on his gun, his green eyes flickering around the hallways, around at the people rushing past them.

"Commander," he said with a growl, "where are we going?! The ships are back that way!"

She ignored him.

"Commander?!"

"The admirals might need our aid, and I haven't heard anything from Reagent and Kuna, or Kae."

“Speak of the devil,” muttered Pine, as the three she had just mentioned appeared from another room. Reagent and Kae were looking panicked. Kuna seemed merely more alert, a little tense perhaps.

“Our defenses are gone!!!” exclaimed Kae.

Commander and Pine stopped.

“All of our defenses?” the Commander asked, after a shocked moment.

“All of the base’s automatic defense systems. The Computer is supposed to activate them…” Kae shook his head.
Kuna spoke up. “We believe that Link Rukor’s mission in sabotaging the Computer was to insert a virus that rendered the Rebel Base extremely vulnerable and defenseless for the occasion when the Empire launched its attack.” She said it calmly, coolly, as though the ground wasn’t shaking, and the air wasn’t echoing with explosions and screams.

Pine looked around, his eyes wide. "Ehe, that's great and all, but isn't it time we should be finding those admirable admirals?"

At that moment the skylight above them shattered. A ring of soldiers crashed through, landing gracefully around them, weapons trained at their hearts.

"Move, and you all die."

The negative--the leader of that group--stepped forward; there were fresh burn scars on his face. He smirked. His eyes roved over the Commander.
"Well, good to see you again! Doing well?" He asked mockingly. then his gaze fell upon Kuna. His eyes widened and his jaw dropped. Slowly he raised his comm to his lips.
"Sir," he began, "you might want to see--"

He broke off mid sentence, a surprised look spreading across his face. There was a sword protruding from his gut.

He made a choking noise, his cold, fear-filled eyes fixed still on Kuna, then slid off the blade, to the floor.

Behind him was standing a man, a man who might have been Kuna's brother. He had the same pitch-black hair, the pale skin, the purple eyes, and most of all, the emotionless face.

And suddenly Kuna remembered.

“Excelsior,” she said, lowering her gun, which she had immediately pulled out at the onset of the attack. Something like homesickness passed through her.

Excelsior's cold, emotionless gaze met hers, and his eyes twitched, his whole face convulsing. He made not a sound.
Around them, the Empirical soldiers had snapped to attention, and stood that way, staring at Excelsior.

Reagent had seemingly forgotten the conflict. He was staring at Kuna with amazement and shock in his face.

“Excelsior,” Kuna repeated. “You are Excelsior I. And I am Excelsior II. We are genetically created twins.” She was quiet a moment. “I assumed you perished with Guerra.”

"Twins?" He turned his head to one side, looking at her. "I do not understand." He thought for a moment.
"You speak as if of life past. There was no life before this. You are mistaken.
I am Excelsior. There is only one Excelsior."

He knew the lies in his words. Why was he saying them? It wasn't what he was supposed to say. He knew she was the one, he knew she had the memories--his memories. Somewhere.

"You will come with me. Lurid has the Admirals. Your capture completes the mission."

"Over my dead body!" Reagent said, taking a step forward as if to protect Kuna from him.

Excelsior cocked his head.

"No. You are needed alive." He turned to his men. "There is no need to be violent. Take them."

“You are clearly flawed,” said Kuna, and in her voice was something like disappointment, sadness. “The Excelsior project was to create the best soldiers on the planet Guerra, with both great physical and mental capabilities. That your memory is so flawed, indicates a failure on the part of the project.”

Excelsior tilted his head the other way.
"I do not understand." He said quietly. "I am not flawed. I remembered remembering you. I knew you were here. To that degree my memory functions perfectly."

Pine snarled and stepped forward. Excelsior looked at him sharply, and the Phaelan shifted form. An enormous orange and white wolf took his place, standing between the Emperor's men and the Rebels.

Excelsior frowned, then pulled the gun from his belt, raised it, and shot the wolf in the heart.

Pine stood there for a moment, a shocked look on his face. Then his green eye rolled into the back of his head, and he crumpled and was still.

The others stared in shock, but Kuna had her gun raised in an instant, pointing it right at Excelsior’s head. Something like anger made her eyes narrow. “You informed us that we were needed alive. That you lied, indicates even more your flawed state.”

"That one was not important," he said, turning his own weapon upon her, a sadness almost in the movement. "He was merely a soldier. You are leaders. You are required to come with me."

“We will not comply.”
Kuna shot at him.

But he moved, moved his head in an instant, and in the next instant, fired at her. She leaped out of the way, pushing Reagent to the ground with her. Physical capabilities functional… Target highly skilled. Eliminate target, protect the Captain and others.

"Kuna!" Reagent shouted, "look out!"

She looked up, just in time to see Excelsior almost upon her with his sword. Her hand darted out, and grabbed the blade, the sharp metal slicing through her soft skin, but she was able to stop it, inches from her chest. In a flash, she was standing, reaching out with her other hand, grabbing Excelsior’s wrist and twisting it sharply, mercilessly. There was a cracking sound.

He screamed. Reagent clapped his hands over his ears. Excelsior drew back his other fist, dropping the sword, and punched Kuna in the face, as hard as he could, once, twice, thrice.

Reagent lunged. His eyes were flaming, his ears pinned back and a very K'Nire-like snarl on his face. "Leave her alone you lobcock!"

He drew his gun and pulled the trigger.

Excelsior dodged the bullet, cast Kuna aside, knocked the gun from the captain's hand, and caught Reagent by the throat. He lifted him up in the air, at arm’s length above his head, and watched as the captain kicked, coughed and clutched at the white-knuckled hand.
As Reagent's eyelids began to shiver open and shut, Excelsior looked coldly, impersonally down at Kuna.

Her face was terribly bruised, her lips bleeding, her hand bleeding more, but she stared back at him, just as coldly. She stood, slowly.
“Let go of my captain. Or I will kill you.”

Excelsior cocked his head, looking at her curiously, still holding Reagent above him. "You are emotionally compromised. I could fix that." His fingers began to tighten around Reagent's throat. The captain let out a pathetic croak.

Kuna’s eyes flashed. “I gave you my warning.”

Excelsior was about to respond, when a roar resounded over their heads. He looked up. A ship was descending upon them, dropping a boarding line. He slammed Reagent against the wall, knocking him unconscious, then waved his un-broken hand. His soldiers grabbed the Commander.

Kuna’s eyes flickered to the Commander, and she wavered. Attack the target, or rescue the Commander?

Kae made a battle-cry and leaped forward, unarmed. Or so it seemed. At the last second he reached down, drew a dagger, and slashed at the nearest soldiers. The second nearest soldier hit him in the head with the butt of his gun.

The Xeo-Guerran was tempted to thank the stars for the Rebel’s reckless plan (not that she thanked anything as ridiculous as that). It had reminded her: She still had a weapon--her dagger. This she pulled out of her pocket, and threw, with great precision and speed, at Excelsior’s heart.

He caught it. Like Kuna, it cut through his hand, but he made no cry, his cold eyes boring into hers, slightly curious, as if asking why...
No! I should have anticipated that -- I could have caught it, so he can also do so. He has the same abilities as I… And now I have no weapons!

And the boarding lines were at ground level. Excelsior slung Reagent's limp form over his shoulder, and caught ahold of one. He looked at Kuna sadly.
"You are the flawed one, therefore not worth bringing back. Did they not tell you emotions are dangerous, that they are the greatest flaw?" He shook his head. "I'm sorry it had to end this way. Goodbye, Excelsior."

He tugged on the line. It began to rise, pulling him and Reagent with it. The soldiers grabbed the Commander, and followed.

Kuna watched them go.

There was nothing she could do. So she didn’t waste effort, trying to save them. She could only watch, helplessly, hopelessly, and think, I failed.

I have failed.

Post #380:  Autumn Lee posted at Thursday, July 9th, 2015, 08:52 PM:
John burst through the airlock leading to the docking bay, rushing in among the chaos, London and the Rusi following as quick as they could. There were ships in the air, ships humming and screaming and roaring as people piled in, filling them to capacity and beyond.

He dodged a flaming jet engine, vaulted a small, low one seater filled by three as it coasted by, and sprinted the last hundred yards to his own ship. The Outsider.

The ramp was down. He waved the five of them up towards it, then followed, fast. He grabbed the support pole and swung around it, almost falling over as he took the turn, then ran up it and into the ship. There he paused, bending over and gasping for breath.

"Get to the med-bay," he panted, "Ckkela will see that you're safe," he straightened up and smiled at Siauru. "Will this suffice for payment?" Another shudder ran through the building, and he staggered. He began backing away. "Go," he said, "you'll be safe in Med-bay!" And without waiting for a response, he turned and ran for the bridge.

Lee was there when he arrived. Everyone was running from place to place--to their stations, from their stations, letting general chaos reign. Everyone was talking, shouting, screaming above the general din, in themselves making it worse. John stood in the doorway, looked around once, slightly despairingly, then took a deep breath.

"QUIET!"

Only a few people noticed him, and they only paused, and then carried on panicking.
Lee whirled around at the sound of his voice. She saw him, and her whole face transformed, overcome by many different emotions.

He blinked, frowned, and walked down to the Captain's chair, picked up her bridge-comm, and raised it to his face.

"I SAID QUIET!" He shouted.
The room reverberated with his voice, emerging from every stereo set into the walls. Silence fell. He winced, rubbed the back of his head.
"Sorry," he said, "didn't mean to shout." He looked around, and his eyes found Lee. He froze, then something in his face changed. It wasn't worth keeping secrets now, no way that he would be able to, anyway.
"We're in trouble, I get it," he said quietly, in his gentle, Canadian-accented voice. "but we're not making things better running around shouting. The only way we'll get out of this is by doing our jobs, which is why I'm going to stop pretending to be Cap'n and go sit down at the helm. Man your stations. This is war. Er... Thanks for listening."
He gingerly put the comm back in its place, where it crackled loudly once, and died. He stood there awkwardly for a moment, glanced at Lee, then ducked his head and walked over to the helm.

“You heard him!” shouted Sensa, when everyone had just stood dumbly for a few moments. “Man your stations, people!” She and Yukan took their seats.

"Lee," John said quietly, sliding into the helm seat and taking hold of the wheel, "would you come here a mo?"
She hesitated, face flushed, eyes flickering. Then she walked silently over. She couldn’t say anything -- she couldn’t say anything, or she would say everything. But she felt like she would burst any moment.

John looked up at her and smiled, almost nervously, then patted the seat beside him. "I need a copilot, eh? Do me the honor?" He frowned a moment. "Also there are some stragglers we're going to have to pick up..." 
Lee squeezed her eyes shut, and sat, with her eyes closed, sat stiffly, almost holding her breath. Then she felt his hand on hers, and she burst.
“Why did you leave?!” she screamed, turning to him, and she was crying. She threw her arms around him and sobbed. “You left, left me, and I didn’t think I’d ever see you again! And I didn’t think-- You didn’t give me a chance to say I love you too!” Her words degenerated into incoherent blubbering.

He raised his arms in surprise, his eyes widening. "Oh Lee..."
Then he wrapped his arms around her, pressed his cheek against her head. "Hey... You'll always see me again, eh? I'm like a bad penny, always coming back." He stroked her hair, closing his eyes and ignoring whatever strange looks the rest of the bridge crew might be giving them. "You didn't have to say it," he said quietly. "I knew."

Lee’s sobs quieted, and she stopped shaking so much. She pulled back slightly, looking up at him, eyes still leaking tears. “Well, I’m… I’m going to say it, a-anyway. And then… then we’ll get o-out of here.” She took a deep breath to steady her voice. “I love you, John.”

A silly grin slipped across his face, and his eyes danced. "I love you, Lee Sylvir. I love how purposeful you are, how even in the face of certain death--Er, almost certain death, you say what needs to be said." He kissed the top of her head, and glanced down at the control panel, and the helm. "Ready for this? We have a ship to fly!"

“Ready as I’ll ever be,” Lee replied, voice still shaky, but with a small smile.

"Good," John grinned, "cause it's about to get crazy. Engaging thrusters, removing docking clamps--diverting power from Nitro Drive. Liftoff in five, four, three, two, one..."

His voice was drowned by an enormous, dragon-like roar. The whole ship shook, the walls, floor, panels, everything vibrating to the tune of the engines. He gave Lee one last wild-eyed grin, then punched the throttle.

They were flying. Rising above the other ships, their humming, throbbing engines carrying above the clamor, and the lanky alien at his station like a spider in the middle of his web, hummed a familiar tune...

They soared out across the docking bay, not up towards the exit port where the other ships were flooding, but towards one of the internal passageways, meant for shuttlecraft and small ships only. Beside him, Lee suddenly stiffened and caught her breath.

"John," she said slowly, turning her head, her eyes widening. "What are you doing? We can’t fly in there!”

John's brow furrowed in concentration, his fingers flying across the console. He punched in a final code, then took ahold of the helm. "Eh?" He said, glancing up at the screen. "Ah. Too many people at the exit port, and we'd be bombed out as soon as we got through." He squinted at the hole, then nodded. "We'll fit, I've done small ones before."

Small was an understatement. The minuscule entry port was approaching rather rapidly. It was tiny--only an ace pilot would be able to maneuver into it, let alone through once inside.

John leaned into the helm, his excitement changing to determination. They grazed the floor of the docking bay, people and ships scattering like sheep before them.
"This is possibly not the best idea..." Someone said.
Just before contact Lee threw her arms up over her face. The last thing she saw was the red warning lights flashing off of John's glasses.

There was a terrifying screeching noise, and then silence. The ship's patient humming resumed.

Lee lowered her arms slowly. They were streaming down the thin corridor, their hull mere feet from the walls. John was bent far over the helm, his shoulders hunched, his eyes narrowed. He was in complete control, as if his memory had never been lost...

A smile flickered across his face.
"Let's go get some stragglers."

Lee closed her eyes. The sight of the narrow passage made her stomach twist, and she involuntarily held her breath. She scooted closer to John, putting her head on his shoulder, shaking it slightly. “John,” she said, voice strained, “you sure owe me a lot after this…” The ship hit some small protrudence with a loud crack, and Lee yelped, her hands flying up to John’s arm. She held on for dear life.

“I owe you an explanation at least, eh?” he said quietly, turning the helm ever so slightly as they came round a bend. “Almost there…” he breathed, leaning into her, gently.

“Yes, yes you do…!” Lee still didn’t open her eyes. Her stomach didn’t clench so much that way. But the mental image remained, and that gave her a large amount of butterflies in the pit on her stomach. “‘There’ is somewhere roomy, please be somewhere bigger, John…”

“As soon as we get on the ground… How’s this for size?” He asked, as this ship rocketed from the internal passageway, soaring out into the main hall. He turned hard on the helm, racing towards the far end of the room. The door to the Computer hallway was open.

“Uh-oh…” he said quietly. “That doesn’t look good…”

Lee peeked her head up, and immediately wished she hadn’t.

Link was sprawled on the ground, nose bleeding, eyes wide open, staring up, clothes faintly smoking. Gen was standing a few yards in front of him, her shoulders heaving, her eyes wild, arms raised slightly, her chest rising and falling raggedly. And several yards behind Link, Bade was standing. He looked angry. At the approach of the Outsider, he looked at the ship, looked at Gen, and then Link, and then smirked. He didn’t move, but rather seemed to wait.

John brought the ship down as fast as possible--slightly too fast, then leaped up and started running/limping for the hatch, eyes wide and face pale, ignoring everyone as he flew by them.
When he leaped from the hatch to the ground, and started running, Gen had approached Bade, and was screaming at him. As he watched, running as fast as he could, she shoved him in the chest, discharging a payload of electricity into the cyborg.

Bade stumbled back, face contorting in pain, limbs convulsing. But he didn’t collapse. He just took several deep, deep breaths, then stood up straight again and stared Gen in the eye. “My systems aren’t as easy to fry as Mr. Rukor’s were. You’ll have to try harder than you did with him.”

But by this time John was sprinting past Gen. He pulled back his fist, a snarl not unlike one his sister used on multiple occasions, spreading across his face.
“Fend off this!” He said, and punched Bade as hard as he could, right in between the eyes.

The man reeled back, but it wasn’t him who cried out in pain. John clutched at his hand, astonishment almost greater than the pain. His knuckles were bloody, and the bones broken.
“Titanium skull,” Bade scoffed. His skin was bruised and bleeding slightly, but he was otherwise unharmed.

“Link?! LINK!” John looked away from Bade for one moment. Ckkela was kneeling beside Link, cradling his head in her lap. Even as he watched, she began depressing his chest. A flare of rage awoke in him, and he turned back to Bade. “That’s my friend you’ve injured…” He said quietly.

“Me? Injured? No, ask your sister exactly what happened.” Bade smirked and looked at Gen, who was still snarling in rage, hands clenched into crackling fists, but who hadn’t moved again otherwise.

“Gen…?” John said slowly, meeting her eyes.

I had no choice. He was controlling Link. He tried to kill me.

In his chest John felt like he was being torn in half, Gen on one side, Link on the other. Yet, he knew which one was true.

Count of three. He replied, holding her gaze for a moment. She looked at him, and determination covered the momentary flickering of fear and remorse.

Three...

Twoone! Gen finished, flinging up her arms. An enormous surge of electricity rushed from her veins, lancing out, and striking Bade.

That’s not how you count down, Gen! John said, aggrieved, quickly following suit.

The blasts hit Bade, square in the chest. They sent him stumbling, reeling back, whole body convulsing with the energy being blasted into him. His legs gave out, and he crumpled, still convulsing, eyes wide open, mouth open in a silent scream. Then he passed out. But his eyes didn’t close; rather the green in them dimmed.

Gen stood there shivering, looking horrified at what had just happened--for her, really saying something. John shuddered, doubling over and retching. A similar noise from behind them made him straighten shakily. Ckkela was leaning over, her muzzle pressed into Link’s shoulder, and her shoulders heaving, great tears crawling down her face. John’s heart stopped.
“Link…” he breathed, then ran haltingly to his friend.

The mechanic stared without seeing up at John. His right eye, like Bade’s, was dim. Ckkela, face still pressed into Link’s shoulder, shook her head.
“No…” John choked, sinking down beside him.

“No…” Lee whispered, still in the Bridge, looking out. She sat heavily in the chair, as though she had no strength left. “No no no no no…” she sobbed. The crew was silent.

“DO SOMETHING!” Gen screamed at Ckkela, flinging her arms in the air. Ckkela looked up, then flung herself at Gen, an extremely primeval snarl ripping across her face.

“YOU DID THIS!” She screamed, snapping at Gen’s hand. The Zeranorian leaped back in surprise. “YOU’VE KILLED HIM!

John closed his eyes and shook his head. He couldn’t think straight, he felt sick to his stomach, and there was blood everywhere, streaming out of him like electricity.

Like electricity.

His eyes widened. Slowly, almost gingerly, he placed his hands on Link’s chest. He closed his eyes and drew a deep breath. The electrical charge was still there. He clenched his fingers slightly, his jaw setting. A stream of energy, electricity, began to flow from Link’s chest, winding up John’s thin arms and sinking into his veins.
He took a deep breath, then another, trying to focus. Gen was screaming in the background. Ignore her. Focus on Link.
He had to remove the electrical interference from the vital machinery. Deep, deeper… He felt movement, a twitch. Link was still alive! Barely, but he was still there.
Hang on, buddy…
An electrical surge lanced from Link to John, and the Zeranorian staggered back.

Link’s eyes widened. He took a deep, ragged breath, and then his eyes fluttered closed. His chest rose and fell lightly.

John staggered up, his mind hazy. Someone was snarling. He turned slowly around, shuffling and blinking blearily. Ckkela had Gen pinned to the ground, and had her arm in her jaws. There was blood involved.

“Ckkela!” John called. She didn’t seem to hear him. He limped over and grabbed her shoulders, trying unsuccessfully to pull her off, one-handed. “Ckkela, Link’s alive… he needs your help…”

She immediately broke away from Gen, her brown eyes widening. Her face lit with hope, and with a final glare at John’s sister, she turned and ran to the fallen mechanic.
John offered Gen his good hand. “What a mess we’re in, eh?”
“What a mess I’m in…” Gen said quietly, and for a moment she looked just like any other lonely, frightened cadet who’d made a huge mistake. “I can’t believe it. I had no other choice. He was going to kill me.”
John bit his lower lip, looking at her sadly. “I know…” he finally said.
“He’s not going to die.” Ckkela said, before he could offer anything else. “Help me with this stretcher.” She said to a number of crewmembers who had ventured out onto the ground. She helped load Link up, then without a backwards glance at the two Zeranorians, followed him anxiously up the ramp, into the ship.
John stood for a moment beside Gen, swaying slightly, then began to follow.

“Grab Bade,” John said softly, in a voice laced with quiet fury. “We have a lot more to talk about with him…”

He limped slowly up the ramp, listening to Gen swearing and moaning under Bade’s weight, and suddenly felt sick and tired. He had piloted his ship again, he and Lee had been going well. Why did things suddenly have to go wrong? Why did they always go wrong? He took a deep breath at the door to the bridge. Maybe not ready to face all those people… with all their questions and concerns… maybe I should just return to my quarters…
And at that moment, Lee rushed through the door.

She took one look at Link, went intensely pale, and ran to the nearest bathroom, hand over her mouth.

John looked at Ckkela, “Er… take him to med-bay? I can look after Lee…”

“Fine,” Ckkela said, not even looking up at him from Link’s face. She and the crewmen carrying the stretched turned down the hallway and disappeared, without even a backwards glance. John let out a deep moan, rubbed his eyes with the flat of his palms, wished he didn’t--remembering his broken hand, and then slid down the wall till he was leaning against it, seated on the floor, his eyelids drooping and face pale. He waited.

He could hear Lee crying, just a few yards down the hall, choking on her sobs. Each one tore at him, and though he knew Link was still alive, soon there were tears leaking out of his eyes.
He made a noise halfway between a growl and a groan, and massaged his eyes, pushing his glasses back, sniffing. He stood up unsteadily and walked towards the sound, one hand on the wall. He raised his other hand from his side, tapping his comm.
“Bridge crew, this is John Turner. Prep for launch--get us out of here before the Empire finds us. I’ll be on the bridge as soon as I can.”

Lee wasn’t even trying to stop crying. Normally she did. Normally she tried to push the weakness away, tried to be strong. She didn’t want to appear weak. She didn’t want others to know how broken inside she really was.
But now, even though she knew everyone outside must hear her, Lee wept. She wept for Link, for Ckkela, for John, for her parents, for her home, for every single thing that had gone wrong.
Why?! Why did it all have to happen?! Why do I have to lose so much?

The grief was suffocating her. She was curled in a tight ball on the bathroom floor, backed against the wall, and she wished, desperately wished, she could disappear from existence.

There was a knock at the door, and it opened very slightly. “I know this is a girl’s room,” John said quietly, poking his head cautiously around the door. “But I’m not feeling so great, so… may I come in?”

She swallowed and tried to speak, but the tremulous sobs shaking her made her voice very unclear, so she just shrugged jerkily, and tried desperately to stop crying, but she kept choking.

He smiled half-heartedly at her, then limped over and sank down, leaning into her. He took a deep, steadying breath and let it out slowly, then made a noise and rubbed his hands across his face, forgetting that one was bleeding. He blinked at his bloodstained glasses, shivered and paled significantly, then took them off and began polishing them with a vehemence that was nearly obsessive.
“PTSD… is a funny thing… strikes in all sorts of ways…” He said softly, rubbing the lenses harder. “An engine misfiring, a scream, bloodstains on glass… it’s odd how it turns out… the trick is living with it.”

“H-how…” Lee gulped, watching his glasses, “do y-you… do it? K-keep so… c-calm?”

“Calm?” he said, then chuckled humorlessly, passing a hand over his pale face. “I guess I’ve had too much experience with war already… It doesn’t get any easier to see, but at least I can handle myself without throwing up every time… every time something happens. Not that I don’t feel like it. I do. That doesn’t go away.” He looked at her, his black eyes gentle and serious. “What does go away is the war. We will get through this.” He stopped polishing his glasses, then replaced them gingerly on his crooked nose.

She choked and looked up at him. The pain in her eyes was raw, red-rimmed and tear-filled. “W-will we…? I-I don’t… t-think that… a-anymore. O-or I’ll be-e the… o-only one… l-left…” Her voice failed her, and she started crying again, burying her face in her arms.

“You, the only one left? It’d have to be a pretty sorry enemy to leave you for last.” He bowed his head, then put an arm around her shoulders. “I promise you, you will get through this.”

“Please, J-John…” she whimpered. “D-don’t die… t-too. I don’t… want t-to be alone… a-again.” Lee sniffled and shook her head, more at herself than John.

“Well,” he said with a small smile, “lucky for you, I don’t have any plans to go anywhere.” He shifted position, removing his arm and taking a roll of toilet paper down from the wall, unpeeling the paper, and beginning to wrap it around his broken hand in a makeshift cast. “Ah! Ahhhhh! That hurts! He really did have a titanium skull…” his face paled further and he gulped.

Lee lifted her head, bloodshot eyes looking at John’s bloodied hand. She shook her head again, inwardly chiding herself, trying to bury the grief. “G-go,” she said to him. “You h-have to fly the ship. A-and get h-help.”

“Not without you--mmmm!” he said patiently, wincing as he tightened the toilet paper.
“G-go!” Lee said, voice a little stronger this time, something like frustration furrowing her brow. “I-I can’t help anyone r-right now. I h-have to finish my s-stupid crying… Just go, please…!”

John looked at her and then shook his head. “Lee, I think you’re just about as stubborn as I am.” He finished wrapping the toilet paper around his hand, and stood up, his face draining of what little color it had left. “Ok…” he said slowly, shaking his head roughly to clear it. “Ok then… I’ll be on the bridge…”

Lee squeezed her eyes shut and turned her head away. She hated how selfish she was -- she had to finish crying, instead of helping John! If only her voice didn’t shake so much, if only her nose didn’t run, if only she could somehow cry silently, and no one would know…
But she didn’t have the strength to follow John. Not right now. Though she knew he needed her help, knew he wanted
The door clicked closed, and Lee cried, feeling that she had somehow failed John.

John limped to the bridge, thinking about Lee. He was worried, to say the least. She seemed to be getting worse and worse, and he didn’t know what to do. He had to fix this. How could he fix this? He walked onto the bridge, walked past the other bridge crew, and slumped down into his seat, his brow furrowed, his hands crossed limply over the helm.
“Ready for launch, Turner.”
John jumped, then looked back. He nodded, smiled fleetingly, then turned back to the helm, firing up the nitro drive, lifting them off of the ground.
What do I do? How do I fix this…? Lee… how can I fix this?

When they emerged, the Empire ships were gone. So were most of the rebel ships. They found the Continuity’s signature, and set a course to follow it. John leaned back in his seat as they cruised through the expanse of space, thinking hard.
What do I do...? If I could only think straight… If I felt a little better… Lee needs… motivation. Support? Hmm… possibly a new rank. I’m not authorized… But Cap’n is… once we get back in contact with the Continuity--with the Rebels. She must’ve gone with them. I’ll talk to her… when I wake up… not long now... Just need a moment…
He passed out almost before he could mentally finish his sentence, lying back and sideways in his chair, his mouth hanging open slightly.

Post #381:  Autumn Lee posted at Thursday, July 9th, 2015, 08:58 PM:
Data download complete.
No memory space remaining.
Systems will now enter hibernation mode.

Ckkela pulled back Link’s eyelids, shining a light into them. His right eye reflected the light oddly, somewhat metallically. It wasn’t nearly as blue in color as his left eye. Both showed no response to the light being shined directly into them.

“Link…” Ckkela said quietly, looking at his vitals feed on the monitor. His heart rate was somewhat low, but not dangerously, and his breathing was normal. “What do we do with you…?”
She looked back at the special cot in which he was laid. It was like a CT scanner in that it covered his entire body. There was a little window at the top for her to see through to his face, and a screen on the side monitored all activity of any kind from within--she could even see the slight rise and fall of his chest which, in this situation, was rather comforting.

What was less comforting was that, although Link seemed almost perfectly healthy now in body, his mind seemed to be less so. The monitor recorded brain activity, but it was very little, only the basic functions. The rest was silent.

Ckkela could do nothing more. She didn’t want to hurt him by trying to stimulate the neural pathways... 
“If only I’d had more training…” she said quietly, resting her chin on the case. “I could help you…”

There was a knock on the doorframe, and she turned around slightly. A tall, young, grey haired man and four… children? Midgets? were standing in the doorway, looking in at them.

“We’re here to see Link,” the man said, his voice rather gruff. “Heard what happened.”
“Is he okay, Miss Doctor?” said one of the children, nervously, voice very quiet.
“He’s dead, isn’t he…” whimpered another.
“Not that we care,” but this one’s voice trembled slightly, too.
“Oh, please tell us he’s okay!” said the last.

Ckkela looked at them curiously, for a moment engaged in something that didn't involve Link--directly, at least. She looked back at the coffin-like chamber, and sadness welled in her chest.

“He’s… not in good shape.”
They whimpered and hung their heads. One of them - the first one who had spoken - sniffled, “W-will he get better?”
Ckkela raised a paw and swiped it across her muzzle, turning her back to them. “I hope so… He’d better.”

“Can we help…?” asked one of the girls. She crept up beside the chamber, not too close to Ckkela, and tried to look in. “We want to help…”

Ckkela laughed humorlessly. “If there’s anything you can do, there’s nothing left to lose…”

The girl stared at Link, her face scrunched. “What exactly’s wrong with him?”
“He’s comatose. Deep sleep,” she added, at the look of confusion on the girl’s face.
“Can’t you wake him up, then?” said one of the other girls. Her arms were crossed haughtily, though she had to sniffle and rub at her runny nose.

“It would hurt him! I can’t! I just…” she looked at the girl, despair came into her eyes and she crossed her arms over the chamber and flomped her head down into them. “I just can’t…” she said, her voice muffled.

The girls didn’t say anything. The one by the chamber skittered away to her sisters and clutched at the man. They all looked up at him, completely lost as to what to do.

London frowned down at the desolate situation, then took a deep breath. “Listen, kid,” he said quietly. Ckkela twitched her ears in acknowledgement. “Sometimes, things happen to the ones you love. Things you can’t control. I… I had a wife, and…” he gulped, suddenly looking very distressed. “And two precious little girls,” he whispered. Ckkela raised her head. She turned to look at them, the strange man and the even stranger quadruplets. London was staring down at the girls.
“They were murdered. The Zeranorians torched our crops and poisoned our animals. They all starved. Things happen that you can’t control. You live through them, and you have to live with that--being alive. And you do get through it… most times, you find another reason to live…”

Ckkela looked at him, then back at the chamber. Link’s face, peaceful, as if he were merely sleeping, lay there, just beyond her reach.
“He’ll make it,” she said firmly, wiping away the tears on her muzzle. “I won’t let him die.”

Post #382:  Imogen posted at Saturday, July 11th, 2015, 01:21 AM:
Someone was poking his shoulder.
“Mhmmm?! Whazzup?” He shook himself, snorting and blinking blearily. His glasses were askew. Sleepily he fixed them, and the face of the person who had been poking him came into view. It was Yukan, staring down at him through his white hair.

The Guerran smiled softly. “The Outsider will be arriving in a few hours,” he told John, in his quiet voice. “I thought you might like to get some proper rest before then. I’m not sure that’s a very comfortable chair to sleep in.” He cocked his head. “Your neck certainly was in an odd position.”

The Zeranorian stretched his arms above his head, arching his back and yawning. He looked down at the clock. They had been in the air for about seven hours, now. He smiled back at Yukan.

“Eh… any place for sleeping works… as long as it involves the sleeping part.” He massaged his neck and winced, lowering his injured hand. “I’ll do that. Thank you, Yukan.” He said, rising from the piloting chair and limping past him, casting a grateful glance in his direction.
He limped through the sliding doors, and out into the hall.
But a few steps out, he suddenly remembered Lee. He turned and limped hastily back.

“Do you know…? Is Lee still…?” he asked Yukan, feeling somewhat awkward. He rubbed the back of his neck and pushed his glasses up his nose. But Yukan just smiled back, and shook his head.

“Sensa found her in the bathroom. She’d cried herself to sleep. She took Lee to her quarters. Don’t worry about it.”

John breathed a sigh of relief and nodded gratefully, his black eyes clearing of any sleepiness that might have remained. “Right… Ok, er… see you soon, again…” He ducked out, and headed towards Lee’s rooms.

Now, to fix this. How can I make her feel better? Promotion is beyond my power--and would probably be more stressful anyway… I can’t get the Emperor--yet. Link. It’s got to be Link. How do I help him now is the question, eh? Hmm…

He looked up. The sign on the door in front of him read Med-Bay. He frowned. She is sleeping, after all… and maybe I can do something…. Worth a look, anyway….
He pushed open the door. The room was dark, inside. The only light came from around a large, CT scanner-like object, sticking out like a black sheep in a white flock.
He crept forward.
Link was inside.
John looked down at him, his breath catching in his throat. Link was lying peacefully in the casket, but from the monitor feed that barely made sense to the pilot, he looked very lifeless.
A growling noise made John look over. Ckkela was lying across the chamber, her eyes closed, her lip lifted slightly. He exhaled slowly. She was asleep. Watching her, he slowly, gently, placed his hands on the casket, and closed his eyes...

...he was in the wires, in the electricity of the machine. And then he wasn’t. He was close to Link, yet so far away. The man was lost, wandering through a deep, dark labyrinth ending in one question, one inexorable, inscrutable, enigmatic, question…

Link? he said quietly, calling into the darkness. He was cold in here--he felt it, a shiver ran through his mind. Link. Where are you?

Unknown interference detected. Scan running…

Interference identified: electrical and telepathic interference found.

Initiating defense programs…

There was a terrible sound. It exploded into John’s head, not through his ears, but directly into his mind. He screamed and stumbled away from the chamber, covering his ears uselessly. The noise reverberated through his skull, sharp, high, grinding. He slid down the side of the chamber till he was huddled on the floor, his knees drawn up to his chin. But after a few moments, it faded away, leaving only a ringing echo. Someone was shaking his shoulders.
Sound returned slowly, and slowly, he raised his head.

“John Icarus Turner! What do you think you’re doing?!”

He tilted his head back. Ckkela was glaring down at him, her eyes blazing. He pointed at the chamber and made unintelligible noises before stammering out an explanation.

“He’s shielded--somehow… Can’t get through to him telepathically. He blocked me out. Ouch…” He raised his good hand gingerly to his ear.

Ckkela looked furious. She straightened up and pointed at the door, a snarl rippling across her muzzle.

“Out,” she snapped, “get out, before you do any more damage, you klutz!”
John’s eyes widened. He stood and stared at her for a moment. She blinked, and her ears flopped back.

“That’s not--I didn’t mean--”

“No, I get it,” John said quietly, backing away. “I’m sorry I bothered you.” He turned his back and hunched his shoulders, shoving his hands in his pockets and walking through the door without a backwards glance. 

Failed. You failed, and made Ckkela furious… What was that? Some sort of energy surge? Odd… I guess it makes sense, though. Now what do I do for Lee…? He stopped in the corridor, staring down at his shoes. “I guess… just tell her the truth….” About what…? What is there to say? Dear Lee, I love you and by the way, we probably won’t make it through this, home safe, alive, and your cousin is in the worst coma I’ve ever seen. Aaaaaggg, I’ve got to work on my communicational skills… So thinking, he followed the signs to the cook’s quarters. Once there, he stopped outside the door, looking at it. Finally he slid down the wall, pulled his legs up against his chest, and folded his arms across his knees. The corridor is as good a place as any to sleep anyway… He thought, yawning, his eyelids drifting closed.

Lee’s door opened with a soft hiss. He startled and looked up, to see Lee standing in her doorway, with tired eyes and slightly mussed hair, looking at him with a mix of happy surprise and worried confusion.

“John, why are you…?” she asked, and gestured to his position on the floor.

“Lee!” he exclaimed, staggering to his feet. “I uh… er… eh, I wanted to talk to you. ‘Cept, sentences aren’t working properly in my head at the moment…” He rubbed his palm across his eyes, under his glasses, grinning sheepishly.

“When was the last time you slept?” Lee chided gently. She saw his hand, still covered in its makeshift cast, and sighed. “Why haven’t you gone to Med-bay yet? John, you really ought to take better care of yourself, you know.” Then she stepped forward and hugged him. “You… you really make me worry…” Lee whispered.

“Slept…?” He frowned. “Well, for the last couple hours, at the helm…” He blinked at the next comment. “Er, I did, but I got thrown out… Ckkela’s not too pleased with me at the moment.”
She hugged him. He relaxed a little, and returned the hug. “Worry…? I’m sorry…” he said quietly, “I don’t… I don’t mean to…”

She gave a small laugh. “I know, I know. And maybe I worry too much. But I can’t not worry about you, John.” Lee sighed, and nuzzled her face into his chest. “Can I… Can I make a selfish request?”

He laughed at that. “Of course--er, considering the circumstances, yeah.”

“It’s more than one, actually. First,” she hugged him a little tighter, “will you hug me back just as long as I want? No matter if it’s really long?”

John bent his head and buried his face in her hair. “As long as there is breath in my body.”

“Will you…” Her voice grew shaky, and she had to take a few moments to steady it. “I don’t want to be alone. Not ever again. After you left, it hurt even more… I couldn’t… couldn’t stop crying.” There were tears leaking into her voice now. “It’s really, really selfish of me, but John, will you… will you make sure I’m never alone? I can’t… hold myself together on my own anymore...”

John squeezed his eyes shut and buried his face deeper in her hair. “I never should have left you,” he murmured, he stroked the back of her head, and nodded very slightly. “As far as it is within my power, you will never be alone again. But we’re never fully alone," he added quietly, almost in a barely perceptible whisper. “I won’t ever leave you, Lee Sylvir, not today, not tomorrow… not as long as I have legs to walk on and arms to crawl with if my legs get chopped off.” He chuckled, and shook his head. “Er, wrong mental image, eh?”

She just laughed too. Then she pulled back, to look at his face. So much grief was still in her eyes, but a deep happiness was there, too. “Thank you. I… I had one other thing to say.” Lee sniffled to clear her nose, then gave an odd smile, slightly sad, slightly knowing, a tad dryly amused. “When did you get your memory back?”

“Ah--you’ve, er… noticed?” He rubbed the back of his head, and looked up. “Er… not an easy secret to keep, eh? Especially not from you,” he said raising his eyebrows and smiling a little remorsefully at her. “I went to find Link--he’d made some friends who could dig up memories and they…” he shifted uncomfortably, shaking his head quickly and closing his eyes for a moment. “Dug mine up. Not a fun experience. Like getting punched in the nose after downing six shots of whisky.”

Lee grimaced in sympathy. “Getting them all back at once… I can’t even imagine…” She was quiet a moment; then she asked, “How long until we reach… wherever we’re going?”

He blinked, shook himself, then looked down at the fourteen-hour watch on his wrist. “Um… Three hours, I think.” He tapped the glass. “Still on Zeranor time. Need to change that.” He cleared his throat and straightened up, suddenly looking uncomfortable. “Er, Lee, we do have a slight problem.”

“...Another one?” she said quietly.

He rubbed the back of his neck and grinned. “This one is easier than the others. As Commander Abby is on one of the other Rebel ships, and not here to lead us, and she never did appoint a second in command, we are without a leader. Aaaaaaaand, I think the bridge crew is getting fidgety.” His shoulders slumped. “And I have no idea what to do.”

She nodded, looking thoughtful. “That is a problem… We don’t have anyone with the authority to choose a new captain. And there might be quarrelling over whoever is chosen.” Lee turned and looked off into space, head cocked slightly, arms crossed. “Maybe we could temporarily elect one? Everyone cast votes?”

He frowned and scratched the back of his head. “I guess that’s the best option… Right.” He smiled and pushed his glasses up his nose, giving her a quick hug. “You get some sleep, I’ll get the votes. I’ll come get you when we’re there.”

“I don’t need to sleep,” she protested. She shook her head. “You need sleep. I can ask Sensa or Yukan to help with the voting. No, no arguing!” she said when he tried to speak. “You were practically sleeping against the wall here!”

“But--” he began, raising his hands defensively, “I don’t--you can--it’s not--I wasn’t sleeping on the wall!” He shook himself, doing his best to frown (and completely failing), and crossed his arms. “Besides, the endless talks and flight plans and meal plans and conversational skills and moments of indecision that lie ahead may need some strength to confront. I can draw energy from any object carrying an electrical charge--you can’t.” He looked quite satisfied with this argument, and nodded once, backing towards the door. “So, ergo, get some rest.”

She crossed her own arms. “I already slept. But, fine, if you insist…” Then she added, with a smile, “I’ll go with you. And make sure you don’t pass out.”

His smile spread into a grin that covered his face, and his eyes lit up. “You’re rather stubborn, you know? That’s not necessarily a bad thing.” He bumped shoulders with her, then started out into the hallway. “Let’s go get those votes.”

Post #383:  Imogen posted at Saturday, July 11th, 2015, 01:24 AM:
“Well I’m obviously voting for myself.”
“Don’t you think we should vote for whoever would be best for the job?”
“I don’t see why we have to vote anyway,” Sensa said, frowning and narrowing her eyes at Gen who was already dusting the badge position for ‘captain’ rank.
John looked around at all of them with an air of slightly bemused dismay. I knew it was going to happen… but, er, I just didn’t expect them to all react so... enthusiastically...? he thought, watching as Gen threw a large pie across the room at Victoria.
“AND THAT’S WHAT I THINK OF YOUR LEADERSHIP SKILLS!”

He frowned at Gen. “Where did you even get that…?” He shook his head quickly and rubbed his forehead with the flat of his palm. “Never mind. We can be pretty certain that you’re not a good candidate for leadership, then.”
Ignoring her enraged screaming, he turned to the rest of the bridge crew. “Right, all of you write who you’re voting for on a little strip of paper, and drop it in this bag--” he picked said bag up off the captain’s chair and waved it around in the air. “We will vote two times, first time for stand-in captain, and second, for stand-in second in command. Lee will read off the slips.”

They watched as the unorganized group grabbed papers, fought over pens, and made their way to the bag in a messy line. Lee watched each crewmember, wondering. Would there be a clean vote? Who would it be? Whoever it was, she hoped they were up for it. The Outsider needed a leader, a strong one.
John scribbled his vote on a scrap of paper, then placed it in the bag, looking around. Dellvin and Victoria were huddled in a corner talking in low undertones, while Beth was staring at the blank paper in her hands as if she’d never seen it before. Kkeut and Gen were laughing evilly, on opposite sides of the room, though definitely not independently of one another. Most of the others just looked confused, annoyed, or deeply, frighteningly excited. He gulped.
This could end badly…

“Has everyone voted?” called out Sensa loudly when the scramble had subsided, and John and Lee had stood for a moment, unsure. When no one else jumped up to put in their slip, she nodded to them.
Lee took the bag and started pulling slips out. Victoria… John… John… she read the names out in her head. She was surprised to see her name in there once. I wonder who…?
After double checking her count, she turned to John and told him the result quietly. Everyone looked to him expectantly.
He straightened up to his full height, looking around to make sure everyone was listening, then smiled quickly, nervously.
“Er, the interim Captain is Yukan Orbas.”

The officer blinked and frowned and looked at Sensa in confusion. She smiled at him. “I didn’t think…” he said quietly, then stopped himself and looked around. Everyone was, of course, looking at him. He took a few steps forward. The Xeo-Guerran bowed. “I will do my best to serve you well, however short the time may be,” he told them, voice soft but loud. “Thank you.”
He stepped back. Sensa nodded to him, still a small smile on her face.

John let the crew have a moment to adjust to this. Then he held up the bag again. “Alright, now for the first officer.”

And the whole cycle began all over again. Sitting down, John scrawled the same name on his little bit of paper in his spidery, almost illegible handwriting. He glanced sideways at Lee. She was watching the other people in the room with interest--one wouldn’t have thought that merely an hour earlier, she had been a nervous wreck. He felt a relief float into his chest, and he smiled, glancing back down at his hands. He blinked in surprise. Absentmindedly, he had been stroking a thin circlet of dark ink on his skin, just at the base of his palm. He jerked his hands apart and sat on them, lowering his head and averting his eyes.
Lee had stood again, and was holding the bag. Methodically she sorted them. Again her name popped up. This time she glanced curiously at John, but just as quickly away. Silly Lee…
A smile tugged at her as she counted the names. It looked like it would be who she voted for…
She didn’t tell the result to John, but instead cleared her throat, and said in as loud as voice as she could manage, “The first officer is John Turner.”

John blinked quickly, and clutched at the armrest of the captain’s chair. A shocked smile twitched at the corners of his lips, and he looked around, and back to Lee.
“T-thanks,” he said shakily, straightening his uniform, “I, er, I’ll do my very best not to mess everything up,” he smiled sheepishly, his ears flushing red, ducked his head, and sat down, looking slightly overwhelmed.

Just at that moment, the proximity alarm went off.
They had reached the planet.

Everyone startled, then looked around in a ‘what do we do’ sort of way. Then Yukan cleared his throat. “Turner, if you would take us down,” he said to the pilot. “Try to contact whatever ship or comms they have,” he told the communications officer. “Everyone else, to your stations. A little order will, I think, do us good.” Then he turned to sit at Weapons, but stopped. He looked over at the captain’s chair uncertainly.

John grinned, pulled his bangs--or at least, the clump of hair that jutted most prominently over his eyes, and saluted. “Aye Cap’n!” He slid into the helm seat, and began flicking switches. “Anti-Cure, are we ready to go?”

AntiCure “glanced” up from the stream of data flowing through the computer’s invisible circuitry and refocused on the helm. “I believe our systems are fully functional, and the engineering databases report all clear across the boards, captain.” 

John looked at his console, then nodded. Glancing up at the AI’s currently dormant holo-projectors, and then back at Yukan, he grinned fleetingly.
“To the Rebels!”
And then the engines roared....

Post #384:  Imogen posted at Saturday, July 11th, 2015, 01:28 AM:
Estimation: Two-and-one-halves of an hour until arrival.
“Captain,” AntiCure spoke. “We’re nearing our destination.”
“Bringing us in--” John said, flicking a switch. The view screen lit up, revealing a bare, desolate planet without any trees, and only a few small bodies of water. He frowned. “That doesn’t look all that promising…” the console beeped and he looked down at it, frowning. “I’m picking up a signal… looks like there are some caverns running through the center of the planet. It’s a Rebel signature.” He punched in the numbers. “Bringing us in.”

They landed in a docking bay about half an hour later.
Kae and Kuna were waiting for them.

John followed Yukan as he descended from the ship, walked over to the others. His eyes scoured the crowd. He didn’t see Abby, or, for that matter, Reagent.

“Where are our captains…?” he asked slowly. Kae looked distraught, and Kuna said nothing.

“The Empire took them,” he said, his voice trembling, “and the Admirals. We’re the only ones left--and the rest of the division Commanders, but that’s not saying a lot… I’ve notified them, they should be on their way, but…” he shrugged.

John’s heart sank. Commander Abby--gone! What were they going to do? He gulped, and found that he was shaking. He steeled himself. “We’ll get her back,” he said firmly, forcing a confidence into his voice. “We’ll get all of them back.”

“And how are you going to do that?”

John turned around. He blinked in surprise. Someone who looked like Kaerael, except in a long, heavy robe, was walking towards him, flanked by two others like him. He wore a deep frown, but also a look of pity.

“We’ll make a plan,” John said, glancing this person up and down. “We always do.”

Kae stepped forward. “This is Father Morassy--he is leader of the colony here.” He half bowed, then turned to the group. “Father Morassy, this is the Outsider Crew.”

Father Morassy smiled and bowed--and this time his smile was warm and welcoming. “Ah, forgive me, I knew not who you were. I thought you might be some of those rogue traders who so wish to disrupt the peace of our people.” He straightened up. “Welcome to Fellaer Minor--our second home. It’s not much, but we hope for a brighter future.” He looked at them, his golden eyes oddly piercing. John smiled, but underneath, he wasn’t so sure… Father Morassy seemed good, but the two behind him were still staring darkly.

“Forgive me. You are welcome to our home. Please, attend a formal dinner tonight--you shall sit in a place of honor, beside the other captains,” he said to Yukan with a warm smile. “Dinner is at eight o’clock. Until then, someone will show you to the guest rooms, and help you to settle. We hope to see you there.”
He bowed again, and stepped back. Raising his hands to his lips, he gave a whistle. A scurrying, and a number of smaller Fellaer--merely children, came scampering from the shadows where they had been hiding. Father Morassy smiled at them. “Show our guests to their rooms, and prepare the cook for a feast. We will talk of plans and action then.”

John found himself being led by a young Fellaer girl, probably no more than three years old. She still had her thumb in her mouth. Her little hand reached up towards his, but her arm was too short. A gentle smile spread across his face, into his eyes, and he bent down, taking her hand.

He heard a soft laugh, and turned around. Lee was being led by a slightly older little boy.

He grinned at her, and was about to speak, when the little girl pulled him down a corridor, following a number of the other Outsider crew. He waved at Lee. "See you soon!" He called, and watched until she disappeared from his view...

Post #385:  Imogen posted at Saturday, July 11th, 2015, 01:32 AM:
It was almost eight, and John hadn’t seen or heard from Yukan. Now he stood outside the Interim Captain’s door, hand raised. The door opened before he could knock. They stood facing one another for a moment, both looking very surprised. Then John laughed nervously and rubbed the back of his head.

“Ah, sorry to surprise you. I wanted to ask if you were going to the feast thing…”

Yukan shook his head. “I need you to go in my place. Please tell the monks I am truly sorry, but I have some matters that need to be attended to.”

John’s heart leaped. A feast! He hadn’t been to one of them in years! Not since--
“Yeah! Er--yes sir, it would be my honor!”

Yukan smiled, and nodded, but before he could say anything else, John was already sprinting off down the corridor, towards the banquet hall, which he had been shown earlier.

A real feast! And everyone will be there--Gen, Taik, Lee… He smiled giddily to himself as he hurtled haphazardly around a corner. A feast with Lee… what could be better? Probably nothing.

Everything was set when he arrived--most of the people were there already. He looked eagerly around, then saw Yukan’s nameplace in between some man named Skyblade, and Lee. His grin widened. Perfect.

He slid into the seat next to her. “Hey,” he said happily, slipping an arm around her shoulders. Then he frowned. “What do humans call one another for short when they… er… are very good friends? Babe? Sugar?” he frowned and made a face. “Sugar does not work.”

She blushed and laughed. “What do Zeranorians call each other?”

“Er…” he frowned, chewing his lower lip and musing on this one. “I’ve never really thought about it, but I think I remember hearing a questionable couple in the market calling one another ‘hot wires’... kinda embarrassing, really.”

“Um, very!” She put her head on his shoulder. “I don’t really know…”

“Babe works for me,” he said, with a light laugh, “if it doesn’t embarrass you too much!”

His eyes brightened as a number of white-robed young people came around, depositing food and drink before them. He leaned over and sniffed the food, which looked like a large pork roast. Then he looked at the drink. His nose wrinkled, and he looked at Lee.

“Smells alcoholic…”

From across the table, Gen had already downed hers. She looked up at him and laughed. 

“It’s not that bad! We can drink it--they said it’s not really all that alcoholic!”

He narrowed his eyes, scrutinizing her face. Indeed, she didn’t look like she was having a violent reaction, or was about to leap onto the table and do a tap dance…

Shrugging, he picked it up and took a gulp.

He blinked, and his eyes widened. “Mmm! Kind of a… peppery, aftertaste… a little burny. Ow.”

He saw the weird look that man--Skyblade--was giving him, and felt Lee’s grin, more than saw it, and quickly, seeing that everyone else already had, drained his cup.

“Welcome, to our humble meal.”

John looked up, wiping his mouth on his napkin, eyes wide and curious. Father Morassy was standing up at the head of the table, looking down at them. “Thank you for sharing in the first drink. Now, eat! Be joyful! And after, we will discuss our plans.” He clapped his hands together, then sat down. A number of boys came out again, carrying plates heaped with food--aromatic meats, succulent fruits, wobbling jellies, steaming soups, voluptuous vegetables--everything one could imagine. John’s eyes brightened and he pointed to a heaped tray of enormous orange fruit--almost eggplant shaped, but definitely resembling a pear in texture.

“That looks amazing,” he said--but not as enthusiastically as before. He took a few bites of his food, then slowly put his fork down. All of a sudden things were not so appetizing anymore. He raised his fist, pressed it against his lips, bent his head and closed his eyes.

Lee looked up at him. He had gone pale, and there was a slightly green tinge to his skin. He cleared his throat and pushed back his chair, opening his eyes and staring blankly down at the table. His black eyes looked rather glazed. He stood, put a hand on Lee’s shoulder--but the weight of it was a little too heavy, like he were leaning on her.

“Lee, would you please give Father Morassy my apologies? I’m not feeling well, I think I’m going to go lie down.”

A short while later, Skyblade excused himself, and vanished into the hallway.

Post #386:  Imogen posted at Saturday, July 11th, 2015, 01:38 AM:
(Thus, after many months of loving labor, Enders the never ending post. Like the neverending story, and cake, it is a lie--or the name is anyway, eh?

Hope you've liked it! It's back to all inclusive, fair game, anyone posts normal Ol' Battle-Core of the Outsider!

And poisoned John. That too.

P.S. If anyone's interested, the poison is digitalis, otherwise known as foxglove. It stimulates the heart, or slows it down unnaturally, causes normal GI poison reactions, has nervous and psychiatric affects and can result ultimately, if untreated, in death. Check out the symptoms (if that's something you're interested in--it's a weird poison! And cadmium, he's been cadmium poisoned as well.)

John’s door was slightly ajar. It sounded like someone within were being sick. John staggered out of the bathroom and fell facedown into bed with a moan. 

“Shouldn’t have drunk that stuff…” he groaned, rubbing his forehead with the flat of his palm and squeezing his eyes shut.

“This certainly isn’t an enviable position, Mr. Turner.” Skyblade was leaning in the door frame, and seemed slightly amused at John’s condition. John quickly turned his head to see who was there, and the movement gave him an immense headache. He winced and squinted at the newcomer, then slowly, trying not to agitate anything else, sat up, his hair messy--slightly flat on one side--and face pale and pinched.

“I am inclined to agree… mmm...!” He squeezed his eyes shut and leaned back against the wall, pulling the covers up over his knees. He took a deep, shaky breath, then opened them and looked at Skyblade again. Though, he still squinted, as if the light hurt his eyes. He frowned, then realized that his glasses were no longer on his face, and quickly replaced them. A look of surprised recognition flickered through his black eyes.
“Don’t I... Don't I know you?"

“Well, I did sit near you during the meal, if that’s what you mean.” He suddenly frowned. “Do Zeranorians have a low alcohol tolerance? The drink you had shouldn’t have had such an effect on you...”

John laughed humorlessly. “We can hardly ever drink it--alcohol, I mean. Goes right into our bloodstreams--our metabolisms are so fast, you know…” all the while he talked, though, he didn’t look away from the Security officer’s face. His frown deepened, eyes flickering with confusion, and, oddly, anxiety. “I’m sure I’ve seen you somewhere else…” Then he shook himself, shivering. He stood shakily and opened his drawer, taking out a bottle of pills, then swallowing two, and sitting back down, rather gingerly. “Er… never mind, ignore me, I’m probably drunk. Can't even see properly..." He plucked his glasses off of his nose and polished them rapidly on the hem of his jacket, replaced them, blinked, then muttered something and shook his head, before finally refocusing his attention on Skyblade.
"Did you… er, did you have a question… or something...?”
Skyblade gave a forced smile. “Nothing of any great importance.” He turned to leave. “Oh, and congratulations on being voted First Officer, however temporary.”
With that, he walked quickly and quietly away.

Post #387:  Imogen posted at Monday, July 13th, 2015, 07:05 PM:
(Well, I had a lovely big post, but then my computer froze and I lost it all. Sorry guys.)

Post #388:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, July 14th, 2015, 12:00 AM:
(Noooo D8 )

Brought to you by Penki, the Not-So-Smart Phone

Post #389:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, July 14th, 2015, 12:59 AM:
(I swear, John has more character than just getting sick or injured all the time! Right, guys? Right?)

In the Outsider's brig, Bade was bored. Everyone had either gone to the feast, or retired to their quarters, and since the guards had placed extra defense materials around his cell, they too had decided this would be a good time to eat or get some shut eye.

It was lucky for him that they had, in the end, he supposed, but it was sure boring without people to mock for the first hour.

Until his contact came.

He wore a hood, and a cape covered most of his body. Bade sat up, looking mildly unimpressed.
"You took a while."

"The feast went on for too long," a monochrome voice said, from underneath the hood. "And the plan failed. That stupid pilot drank the cup instead."

Bade took a deep, deep breath. "Is he reacting to it?"

The cloaked figure shrugged. "Yes, but what does it matter?"

"FOOL!" Bade shouted, then checked himself. "Don't you get it? If he dies, and they know it's poison, they'll be on to us immediately!"

"Onto you, you mean," the cloaked figure said, somewhat smugly. "No one suspects me."

"If your job were as hard as mine..."

"I know, I know. Save the drama," he started for the door, then turned around. A pair of eyes flashed back at Bade from under the hood. "Don't worry," he said, "I'll knock off Yukan, and anyone who stands as leader of either of those ships. Perhaps it's better that the pilot got it... it'll teach us to start small--remember our humble background."

"Shut up and do the job," Bade growled.

- + -

The rest of the night did not go as planned.

Since John left, and neither Yukan, nor Kuna showed up, nothing was accomplished. No plans for the rescue of the missing Commanders, no ideas for getting home safely, and no way of knowing how much longer they would be stuck on this backwater "passageway" planet--for, that’s really what it was. They learned that no one ever went up to the surface, because of the radioactive isotopes that soaked the ground, and the heat of the enormous, bright-white sun blazing above them. So they were trapped in these tunnels--at least until they figured out what to do.

Lee sat through the meal, waiting tensely for the right moment to get up and leave. She was thoroughly exhausted from the previous day's happenings, that she could barely stay in her seat. The meal stretched on for an hour and a half, and just when she was about to get up and leave, the man across from her--a Fellaer with lightly furred ears and a hard, quick glint to his eye, engaged her in a thoroughly dry and unwanted conversation about the differences between warp and nitro drives.

She was there for two more hours.

Across the room, she could see Kaerael in a similar situation, struggling desperately to escape the many questions directed at him by Father Morassy, as well as from a number of younger, roughly military-clad Fellaer, with bright eyes and sloppy grins on their faces. He kept shooting desperate looks across the room at her, Ytotia, and every other Outsider or Continuity crew member he could come into eye contact with.

When--yawning excessively and rubbing her eyes to prove her point--she finally left, she very nearly made a break for the door. As she got up to leave, she saw a look of pleading desperation on Kaerael's face. He was currently being reprimanded for all number of transgressions, by a Fellaer to whom he looked quite alike. She felt his despairing stare on her back all the way to the door.

Finally in the hall, she ran for her rooms. For one moment she wished they could all stay on the Outsider instead of in these new dorms--the ship had begun to feel like home, and it was odd being away, without her room mates and the familiarity of her own space. Still, she thought as she turned into her new quarters, the beds were soft, and they had ensuite bathrooms! The ship didn't have that, that was for sure!
She didn't even change into her pajamas. Flopping into bed, she closed her eyes and was asleep in an instant.

She woke with the slow rise of the artificial lighting, feeling rather surprisingly refreshed. Getting up and stretching, dressing and brushing her teeth, putting on her apron and then walking from the quarters section, to the mess hall of the Outsider (where they were still eating marginal meals), she felt that something wasn't quite right--something was missing.

And then she remembered--John! He hadn't come back to the dinner table, she'd assumed that he'd just gone to bed. But, looking around the mess hall now, she couldn't see him anywhere. The entire rest of the crew had gathered, and were talking about the Rebels, the Commander's kidnapping, the Empire, and what they were going to do next. She could see Kkeut chattering darkly to Gen in one corner, and two of the brig guards watching a security tape over and over again, with identical frowns on their faces--but no John. She frowned. That was quite unusual... Casting her eyes about the room, she managed to locate Yukan. He would know! She started towards him, then noticed that he was deeply in conversation with Sensa and Kuna, of the Continuity. She stopped, then turned around. They looked extremely serious, and she could always check his quarters. In fact, better do that now.

She exited the ship, and followed the path they'd treaded before, to the officers' quarters. Each officer had had their name tacked awkwardly to the front of their door. John's was slightly crooked, and read "Lieutenant Joon Ikarus Turn." She laughed to herself, and moved quietly forward, knocking gently on the door. There was no reply. She frowned, and opened it slightly, just a crack. The room was pitch black. Someone had turned off the artificial ambiance, so it was as if one were walking into a cavernous cave, or some chamber of dark, questionable use.

"John?" she called, squinting into the blackness. There was no reply. She opened the door wider and switched on the light.

The sheets were crumpled and spilling from the bed onto the floor, and the pillow lay askew. His glasses were folded neatly on the bedside table, alongside a glass of water, and a bottle of indigestion pills. Lee looked around in confusion--then saw that the door to the bathroom was ajar, and that a long-fingered hand could just be seen lying limply on the floor on the other side. Quickly she went to the bathroom and opened the door.

John was lying on his side on the tile floor, curled up in a fetal position and struggling for breath. He looked like he hadn't slept all night--his eyes were glazed, wide and staring, and circled by dark, heavy rings. His face was no longer pale but an ashen grey and clammy, his skin drawn taut and foam flecking his lips. His chest was heaving and his breath rattled in his throat, and he was trembling all over. When Lee dropped to her knees beside him, he didn't even seem to notice her.

"John!" she exclaimed, raising his limp form to a sitting position and propping him against the wall. She put a hand against his forehead. It was burning hot. Gently, biting her lower lip, she shook his shoulder. "What's happened?! What's wrong with you?" She asked. He didn't reply. His head lolled on his shoulders, and then he was sick on the floor. 

Lee yelped and stood up, reaching for her comm. This was not good! He jumped at her shout, and for a moment looked up. His eyes, wide with fear and pain, found her face. Confusion flooded his expression.

"W-Wh...?!" he stammered, shaking. "W-w-what’s... whats happening...?” he looked around, his face falling and eyes flickering with fever and dismay. He hugged his legs up to his chest, staring at her, his fingers twitching in an agitated pattern over a circular tattoo on his wrist. “Where are we? I don’t…” he closed his eyes and swallowed hard. “I don’t feel so good,” he whispered.

“You’re going to be ok, everything’s going to be all right,” Lee said shakily, taking out her comm. and dialing in the needed code. John watched her with a look of half-recognition, half complete and utter confusion on his face--the way one looks when coming out of anesthesia.

The comm. rang. Finally someone answered.
“Hello?” mumbled a grumpy, growly voice. “Medical ward, Outsider, speaking.”

“Ckkela!” Lee said in relief, holding the comm. to her face. The pilot's eyes were closing again, and he slid limply down the wall to rest against the bathroom towel rack. “It’s John--”

“AGAIN!? Look, I gave him a medical kit--he knows how to use it! He doesn’t--”

“No, it’s not like that,” Lee said quickly, “he’s really sick this time! He’s been throwing up, and he has a fever and doesn’t recognize me, or where he is, or…” she trailed off. There was silence on the other end, then a sound like someone knocking over a glass.

“I’m on my way,” Ckkela said, and the line died. Lee lowered the comm, then holstered it, biting her lower lip and forcing back the tears that threatened to overwhelm her. Why did this have to happen?! First Link, then John… were all the people she loved doomed to suffer indeterminable, dire fates?

She looked down at John. He was stirring again, his eyes blinking slowly open. He looked at the door, just past her, then suddenly exploded into action.
“AH! AHHHH!" he shouted, scrambling back against the wall, his eyes wide and terror filled. Lee followed his gaze, alarm in her face--but there was nothing there. John kept backing himself into the corner, his hands grasping at the floor around him, as if for a fallen weapon.

“NO! No, stay BACK!”

His eyes flickered from one part of the room to another and he huddled against the wall, whimpered pitifully and sunk his head down to rest on his tucked up knees. “Keep away…” he whispered, “keep them away…”

She hesitated a moment, her heart beating fit to burst her chest, and her lips trembling, then slowly went over and crouched down beside him. She placed a hand on his trembling, thin shoulder, and he jumped. He looked up, and a flicker of recognition crossed crossed his face.

“Lee?” he whispered, a level of relief and hope in his voice akin to reverence. His eyes flashed with fear again, and he looked up at the door, eyes wide. He looked so odd without his glasses--his face looked more gaunt and hollow. “Don’t let them get you…” he panted, staring fixedly at the top corner of the room, his chest rising and falling laboriously. “They’re always coming… always coming to get you… sharp, pointy things…”

“Who?” Lee asked, sitting down next to him. He looked so terrified--she wanted to cradle him and quiet his fears--only he was way too tall, and it would have been awkward.

He closed his black eyes and shook his head, gulping hard. He pointed with one long finger to the bare bathroom wall. “Them! The ghoulies... ‘lectric phantoms… they come in the night and steal your energy… don’t let them take me…” he said, pressing into her, his voice trembling and breath quickening. His skin was so hot! “Mama… don’t make me go there again. I don’t want to… they’re hurting me…” he buried his head in his arms, and for a moment there was silence between them, except for the raggedness of his breathing. Lee glanced at her watch. How long did it take Ckkela to get here?!
Come on…

“You’ll be ok,” she said, as firmly as she could. “I won’t… I won’t let the… ghoulies, get you. You’re going to be ok, John.”

He looked at her, and his lips trembled. Great hot, salty tears rolled down his ashen cheeks. Quietly, he buried his face in her shoulder.
“Please don’t leave me,” he whispered, taking a deep, shaky breath, his eyes beginning to drift closed again. “Promise you won’t leave me...”

(Will she or won't she? Will John ever get the chance to actually be a pilot and show his character, or will his author deny him that chance because torturing him is fun? Will Link ever be revived? Will Ckkela claim her true love? Will Kae ever escape his mother's watchful eye? Will the mysterious hooded fellow succeed in poisoning Yukan? Stay tuned till next time, onnnnnnnnnn...



BATTLECOREOFTHEOUTSIDER!!! DUN DUN DUN... DUNDUN!)

Post #390:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, July 14th, 2015, 09:12 PM:
"I'm on my way," Ckkela said into the comm, and turned it off with a severity that was becoming more characteristic. She looked over at Link, still deep in his coma, and her ears drooped. But there was nothing she could do for him. Not now. All she could do now was go help John.

To Lee, it felt like forever before Ckkela finally arrived. John kept mumbling. His skin was incredibly hot to the touch. She tried to give him water, but he only drank a few sips. Then he seemed to grow frantic about the cup and the liquid inside it, so she had to throw it away where he wouldn't see it. "I'm here, John," Lee kept telling him. "I won't leave you." Then, quietly to herself, she added, "Just don't leave me..."

When Ckkela stepped through the door, Lee cried out in relief. "I don't know what's wrong with him, he's hot and shivering and seeing things and he doesn't--!" she cried in a jumble. Her blue eyes were wide and full of fear as she looked desperately up at the medic. "Is he going to be okay?" Lee whimpered.

Post #391:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, July 14th, 2015, 09:32 PM:
"What are your plans, Captain Kuda?" Yukan greeted the Enerxia-Guerran in the morning. He and Sensa sat across from her. The Outsider's captain seemed rather less at ease than usual, and Sensa also was tense. Kuna regarded them coldly.

"Plans concerning...?" Kuna queried.
"The missing commanders. The state of the Rebellion. Your crew. Your mission," replied Yukan, very quietly. He kept Kuna's cold gaze unflinchingly.
She replied promptly. "My first duty is to ensure the safety of the Continuity's crew."
"Which you have done," said Yukan.
Frowning, Kuna continued, "My loyalty is not to the Rebellion, but the Earthen Republic. What has become of them, and their commanders, concerns me not."
"But your captain...?" pressed Yukan, leaning forward as Kuna glanced away. "And the mission given to you on our planet?"

"We agreed to let that mission rest until a later time," Kuna said in a firm, icy tone. Then she took a deep, calming breath. "My inclination is to, if at all possible, rescue Captain Marroon. I lack any sort of information that could help me accomplish that task, however, and so I am forced to remain here until the Rebellion can recover itself."

"I'm not sure if that will happen," said Kae, coming up to their table. The three Guerrans frowned at the intrusion.
"I thought you were the gung-ho Rebel guy," Sensa said, crossing her arms and glaring at him. "What makes you turn pessimistic all of a sudden?"

Post #392:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, July 14th, 2015, 10:42 PM:
He's probably just drunk too much alcohol, or eaten something that disagreed with him. Certainly not important enough to potentially compromise Link-- Ckkela broke off that thought. What was wrong with her? She sounded like a monster! But it was kind of true... John was always getting into trouble, hogging the spotlight, while those who really needed her attention--like Link, for example--were put in second place.

Sighing, trying to drive away these thoughts, she turned into the officers quarters corridor. John's room was wide open. She heard Lee speaking--her voice soft and comforting, but with a quaver in it. She walked into the room.

Immediately an odd scent met her finely tuned nose. She snuffed, and frowned. Strange...

Lee was sitting in the bathroom--Ckkela could just see her through the door, but not much else. The cook saw her and leaped up, running to the door, looking simultaneously relieved and terrified.

"I don't know what's wrong with him," she began, tripping over her words. "He's hot and shivering and seeing things and he doesn't--!" she cried in a jumble. Ckkela looked down at her in surprise. She really did seem afraid for him. "Is he going to be okay?" The cook ended finally, her shoulders drooping. The K-Nire's eyes softened and she let a familiar soft smile slip across her muzzle.

"I'll see what I can do," she said, walking past Lee into the bathroom. "I'm sure he just caught a virus or something, it's funny sometimes how hard these viruses..." she trailed off, catching sight of the Zeranorian. He was leaning limply against the wall, propped up by Lee, his face with a kind of deadpan, zombie expression. The rasp in his throat had grown worse. She dropped to her knees beside him and waved a paw in front of his eyes.

"Lieutenant Turner!" she said firmly, loudly, "John!"

This eliciting no response, she opened up her med kit and removed a small, powerful flashlight, then shone it quickly in his eyes, pulling up the eyelids. She frowned deeper, sniffed his breath, and then pressed her forefingers to his neck. Her eyes widened. "Ventricular tachycardia...? But..." She shook herself, then pressed her ears forward in concentration.

"Lee!" she said, calmly but commandingly. "Come here, please."
She was turned back to the med-kit, fishing through it. "Has he seemed unusually anxious, depressed, or uneasy?" she asked, pulling out a small scanner, and switching it on.

"Well... yes," Lee replied, "why?"

Ckkela turned around, then turned the scanner on the pilot's face. It ran a grid over his ashen features, then snapped out of existence. She looked down at the little screen, and her eyes widened. Fear, real fear, flooded her furry face. She turned quickly to Lee.

"Tell me," she said, "John went to the feast in Yukan's place, didn't he?"

Lee nodded, eyes wide.

Ckkela snatched at her comm.

"Yukan!" she almost shouted into it. There was silence on the other end, then his calm voice came through.

"Doctor Ckkela? How may I be of assistance?"

Ckkela shook her head, forgetting that he couldn't see her. "No time to explain. Go to your quarters--on the ship--dont eat or drink anything! And perhaps take Sensa with you--and Kuna! Warn Kuna! I'm sending a security detachment to guard you."

She could almost see his confused expression. "Doctor, what is the meaning of this?"

She looked back at the pilot, fighting for each breath as if it would be his last, and snarled. "Your First Officer has been poisoned."

She snapped off the comm and turned back to John and Lee. She looked at the cook, her eyes deadly serious.
"We're going to have to move him." She turned to the Zeranorian, and frowned.

"John!" She said firmly. "Get up."

His eyelids flickered and his face contorted in pain. Slowly he shook his head. Ckkela persisted.

"John, you have to get up, or we can't help you." He whimpered and turned his face away, squeezing his eyes shut. Ckkela's eyes hardened. "That's an order, soldier!"

John opened his eyes. He set his jaw and got up--or he tried to, anyway. They caught him under the elbows and pulled him up the rest of the way, one of his overly long arms across each of their shoulders. Ckkela and Lee stumbled into the main room, and then sagged down onto the bed. The medic slipped out from under the pilot's arm and reached for her comm again, laying the Zeranorian down on the bed, so that his head was resting in Lee's lap. "I'm calling a medical transport team. You stay here and watch him." She said, starting towards the door. Then she stopped, turned, and looked at Lee. The K-Nire smiled comfortingly. "He'll be ok," she said, then vanished into the hall, leaving Lee and John alone.

- + -

"I thought you were the gung-ho Rebel guy," Sensa said, crossing her arms and glaring at him. "What makes you turn pessimistic all of a sudden?"

Kaerael stared at them for a moment, his fingertips drumming on his upper arms. Then he sighed in frustration and shook his head. "What makes me turn pessimistic is when we get stuck in this madhouse, with my mother!" he took a deep breath. "No, sorry, it's not just that. How many ships do we have? Ten? Well, I went to collect the reports from the rest of the fleet, and only twenty are converging on our position. The rest are unaccounted for." He took a deep, shaky breath. "We think the Empire got them."

Then Yukan's comm. rang.

Post #393:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, July 15th, 2015, 08:31 PM:
Poisoned?!

Lee helped Ckkela mutely pull John up, out of the bathroom, and onto the bed. He sagged into her lap. She could only stare down at his ashen face in despair. "He'll be ok," Ckkela told her, smiling; then she was out of the room.
Running her hands through John's wild hair, partly to comfort him, partly to comfort herself, Lee squeezed her eyes shut. She could only hope that the medical team would come quickly. Quickly! He's... dying...

She bent her head down and kissed John's forehead. It was so hot! But his eyelids fluttered open, and he smiled weakly at her. It gave her a weak flutter in her heart, of hope. "I'm still here, John," Lee whispered. "I'll always be here."

-~-~-~-

Yukan's comm rang. He frowned and looked at the screen. It was the Outsider's medic, Ckkela. Giving the others an apologetic look, he answered it.
"Doctor Ckkela? How may I be of assistance?"

"No time to explain," Ckkela's voice came through quick and tense. "Go to your quarters--on the ship--don't eat or drink anything! And perhaps take Sensa with you--and Kuna! Warn Kuna! I'm sending a security detachment to guard you."

"Doctor, what is the meaning of this?" Yukan asked, confusion on his face.

She snarled. "Your First Officer has been poisoned." The line went dead.

Yukan slipped the comm back into his pocket quietly. Then he looked at the others, a very serious expression on his face. "Captain, Sensa," he told the women in his quiet voice, "we need to go." To Kae, he said, "Please, do not speak of this -- for your safety."
He stood, and Sensa stood with him. Her eyes were quietly blazing. Who would dare--?!
Not now.
Kuna also stood. She had that look on her face that meant she was thinking, calculating. It was the same thing everyone was thinking -- who had poisoned John? And why?
"Let us go," she said.

Post #394:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, July 15th, 2015, 10:12 PM:
Someone was running their hands through his hair.

A trickle of relief, like a cold spring through a desert, ran through him, and he relaxed slightly. Slowly, he came to himself. Lee was there. He was lying in a bed, and his head was in her lap, her fingers threading through the fuzzy mass that was his hair. He took a deep breath. Nausea, pain and the near inability to breath, he fought back against. She was there. She wouldn't leave him.

I made a... promise... A promise. To what? Whom? Lee. I made a promise to Lee. ... To do what? Can't... think... hurts...

"I'm still here, John," Lee whispered. "I'll always be here."

He felt her lips against his forehead, and his eyes flickered open. She was looking down at him with frightened eyes, biting her lower lip, her own face pale. No... she didn't need this... She'd been through enough already... What had happened, again? What were they doing here anyway? What happened? There had been food, and talking, a man, and a cup full of wine and a peppery taste...

The thought of it made his stomach churn, and he squeezed his eyes shut, shaking his head and pressing his lips together. Lee gently tugged on his bangs--or at least, the part of his hair that stuck out the most in front of his eyes. He blinked his eyes open, and looked up at her frightened, soft, compassionate face, and remembered.

...
I promised not to leave her.
...

He smiled weakly up at her, his eyes crinkling somewhat. He raised a hand and touched her face, stroked his fingers across her cheek. She was there. She was all right.

"Hey... babe..." he rasped, "does that work... babe...? I... kind of... like it...."

- + -

Kae looked from one to the other of them, his eyes widening. The First Officer had been poisoned?! How?! Who would do that? The thought--the fear, and the inevitability of the fact, sprang into his mind. They had a traitor in their midst.

"Please, do not speak of this -- for your safety."

Kae nodded, and glanced nonchalantly over his shoulder, as if looking at the menu. "There's no one too close by. You should be safe. I'll look around, see if I can't find any suspicious activity. I have people here I can trust." He said quietly, turning back to them.

"Let us go,"

Kae watched them leave, a deep frown on his face. He looked slowly around the room, and his eyes fell on the brig guards. An idea came to him. He strolled over to them, hands in his pockets.

"At ease, soldiers. What's going on over here. Having trouble with the data?"

The first guard scratched his head, looking curiously at Kae. He recognized him, but was unsure why one of the Rebel Captains would be interested in them.
"Yeah," he said slowly, "we're looking over the security tapes from last night, and there was... someone in the brig..." he gulped. "But he didn't do anything! He went to that Bade guy, stood around for a while, and then left."

Kae's eyes narrowed. "Do these tapes have audio?"

The second guard shook his head sadly. "No... security audio was one of the things that Link forgot to fix."

Kae peered over his shoulder. The screen showed a tall, hooded figure standing before Bade's cell. To his disappointment, he did not recognize the person in the slightest.
Then, as the figure turned, Kae saw something. "Stop the tape!"

The man complied, and the Fellaer leaned forward. An arm had appeared momentarily from under the cloak. It was a normal arm, human-looking, and from Kae's guesstimate, male. No distinguishing qualities.

"Thank you, you can go back to... whatever you were doing," Kae said, nodding to the guards. Looking pathetically sorry for themselfes, they saluted back and resumed watching the tape with dismal, shadowed looks on their faces.

Kae frowned and growled to himself. At least this narrowed things down. it was someone from the Outsider, or the Continuity...

Which only made things worse.

Post #395:  Autumn Lee posted at Saturday, July 18th, 2015, 06:32 PM:
"Hey... babe..." John rasped, "does that work... babe...? I... kind of... like it..."

Lee laughed softly. "You're still worrying about that?" she smiled. It wasn't that she didn't like it, being called 'babe'; rather, it was the strange feeling she got whenever he said it. Lee wondered if she would ever get used to the fact that John loved her. It was so strange! -- and wonderful.

"I like it too, John. But maybe you should be thinking more about how you shouldn't try alcoholic drinks...!" chided Lee gently. John only grimaced. She shook her head. "Sorry." Then she sighed. "Oh, John... Why does something always go wrong?"

Ckkela and the medical transport team rushed in through the door. John was lifted into the carrier; he moaned at the movement. "Okay, go, go!" said Ckkela to the two medics, an urgency in her voice. She was about to leave, too, but Lee grabbed her paw. "Can I come?" Her eyes were anxious.

Post #396:  Imogen posted at Saturday, July 18th, 2015, 08:22 PM:
"Oh, John... Why does something always go wrong?"

He looked up at her, confusion in his eyes. Then he frowned and cleared his throat. His breathing was getting worse.
"Not... wrong... necessarily... just, not the way... we wanted..." He half-smiled at her, reaching up and taking her hand, squeezing it gently. A peaceful feeling spread through him, and he closed his eyes. How did I get so lucky? Thats rather unusual.
He took a deep, slow breath, and held tightly to Lee's fingers.

The medical transport team came in, Ckkela at the head, giving orders. The masked crewmen, a woman and a man, came quickly forward and lifted John away from Lee. He moaned, and squeezed his eyes tightly shut. His fingers slipped from Lee's hand.

"Okay, go, go!" Ckkela said urgently, after pressing her paw to his neck and staring at her watch. If he had developed an arrhythmia, then time was of the essence. She flicked her tail and was turning towards the door to follow, when Lee caught her paw. She turned her head, her brown eyes flickering with tension.

"Can I come?" Lee asked, her voice slightly higher pitched than normal. Ckkela stared at her for a moment, then blinked and nodded. "Yes. Yes--you'd be helpful, actually. We might need someone to keep him calm and grounded." She smiled quickly, then jogged out of the door. "Follow me, quickly."

They hurried after the medical team. By the time they arrived at the Outsider's Med-Bay, John was already on the exam table, and the two medical aids were hooking him up to an IV, and lowering an oxygen mask around his face and nose. He was looking up at the ceiling, his black eyes fixed and with a slightly terrified look in the furrow of his brow, and the intensity of his stare. He jumped at the sound of the doors opening, and glanced at them. He was starting to look slightly hysterical and delirious again.

Ckkela was there in a moment.
"Right," she said, pulling out a stethoscope and putting the ends into her ears. "Preliminary scans show probable digitalis toxicity, possibly alongside something else. Begin administering primary treatment--we'll see what secondary scans show."

John gulped and his eyes squinted. They flickered to Lee, and he tried a smile. But it wavered, and vanished. His chest rose and fell faster, breath coming in short gasps.

"John," Ckkela said sharply, snapping her fingers. "Keep it together." She looked pointedly at Lee.

Post #397:  Autumn Lee posted at Saturday, July 18th, 2015, 08:58 PM:
John's breath was coming faster, shallower, and his eyes were darting wildly about. He tried to smile at Lee, but it vanished in an instant.
"John," Ckkela said sharply, snapping her fingers. "Keep it together." She looked pointedly at Lee.
The cook jumped, gulped, and rushed to John's side, trying to not get in the way, just reach to John's hand. It was trembling.
"John!" Lee's voice was quiet but intense. This poison -- he's really, truly... dying...! I have to help, however I can, and if that's keeping him focused on me... "Hey, just keep focused on our hands. And my voice. I'm here." She couldn't really focus on what the medics and Ckkela were doing around her; they were moving around her, talking to each other. Sometimes she had to shift out of their way, but she didn't let go of John's hand, and she didn't stop talking.

"I was thinking of calling you 'dear'," Lee said, just loud enough for John to hear. "But then I thought that was too married-couple-ish... 'Babe' sounds, oh, I don't know, weird in my mouth. I like hearing it from you, but it's not for me. So, I really haven't figured it out yet, but we'll have time. We'll have time, John. Just stay with me." She squeezed his hand at the last part.

Post #398:  Imogen posted at Sunday, July 19th, 2015, 01:04 AM:
(Durrr.... Although I tried my hardest to research for this--[seriously, you ever researched poisons and their treatments? FASCINATING! It's kinda addicting.]--some things may not have continuity AT ALL. Because two poisons are being utilized, I don't know really how treatment for one would affect the other, even though I tried to find out. So, just bear with me. When I'm a nurse I'll come back and fix it.

... Darn it, my dad taught me how to do AED, and I've forgotten. Oh dear.)

Ckkela moved around Lee, glancing at her infrequently. Her focus was on keeping John alive. She hadn't been too worried before--digitalis toxicity could usually be resolved in about thirty minutes by a continuous IV dose of Digoxin-specific antibody Fab--but as she looked at the incoming data on the scan, her heart sank. Digitalis toxicity had occurred, but there was something else there, too. She glanced up. Lee was talking quietly to the pilot, who was looking worse and worse. If they didn't do something soon...

She turned to the medics. "Begin administration of Fab." The woman medic nodded and went to synthesize the drug, while the man prepared the IV bag. Ckkela glanced once more at the two, then opened her comm link.

"Yukan?" she asked anxiously.

His voice came through almost immediately, as if he had been waiting for her. "Speaking."

She breathed a sigh of relief. "This is Ckkela. Are you in your quarters? Are you three safe?"

"Affirmative. The security detail has arrived."

Ckkela took a deep breath. At least that was one good thing. "Stay there. I'll contact you as soon as I can." She hung up.

Watching the medics set up the treatment, watching the data, watching John and Lee, Ckkela frowned, deep in thought. Digitalis toxicity usually consisted of arrhythmias at the worst, alongside a slew of cardiac, GI, neurological and visual symptoms--cardiac problems would be the main thing to worry about, but usually that could be taken care of with the Digoxin-specific antibodies. But digitalis toxicity didn't normally come with pulmonary problems.

And another thing--if he had been poisoned at the banquet last night, then it had been almost twelve hours since the moment of ingestion--and the Digoxin-specific antibodies were most effective six to eight hours after ingestion. If it came down to it, they could use cardioversion to correct the arrhythmia, but as this was digitalis poisoning, the possibility of recurrence would be much higher. And what was the other poison?!
She looked down at the screen, and her eyes widened.

"Crap," she said.
+
John was starting to panic. Even as he felt himself losing coherence, felt fear taking over, he was aware that this wasn't him--that he wouldn't normally burst into tears, or tremble like a little child. He was scared, to be sure, terrified, even, but the reaction that he could feel taking over was more than just fear. He closed his eyes and shook his head. The oxygen mask clung to his face, jarring him, jarring his memory, back to a time, a day long past, when he lay stretched on an operating table, and his mother stood over him with a scalpel...

"Oh no, oh no, oh no..." he murmured, shaking his head, and trying not to throw up. He felt light-headed with the oxygen, and whatever was working inside of him. He wished it would stop--wished he could just pass out, and not be there anymore.

"John!" He blinked his eyes open, fixing his terrified gaze on Lee. She was standing by the side of the exam table, squeezing his trembling fingers. He could only imagine that she was terrified, because she didn't show it. Her face was full of dedication and strength and courage. "Hey, just keep focused on our hands. And my voice. I'm here."

"Right..." he coughed, "hands... voice... got it..." But he didn't. He was fading fast--the pain in his face was giving over to a kind of resigned, glazed look, while a vast confusion and malaise muddled his head. He felt so tired...

"I was thinking of calling you 'dear'," Lee said softly, squeezing his hand. "But then I thought that was too married-couple-ish... 'Babe' sounds, oh, I don't know, weird in my mouth. I like hearing it from you, but it's not for me."

"Dear... sounds like... my parents...." he coughed, his own voice throaty and rasping. His lips twitched, but the smile didn't come. "I'll... keep it... up... babe."

"So, I really haven't figured it out yet, but we'll have time. We'll have time, John. Just stay with me."

Stay with you... I'm... I'm trying... I'm... but his grip on the conscious world was slipping. Even as she spoke he started to go limp. His head drooped sideways, and in her hand, his grip relaxed.

"Stay... with... you...." he murmured, and his eyes slid shut.
+
"CKKELA!"

The K-Nire was there in a heartbeat. John was lying totally still. His chest had stopped rising and falling, and his face was death-pale. Ckkela's eyes flashed.

"Prep for emergency cardioversion!" she ordered, snatching up a syringe of lidocaine and injecting the entire thing into his chest. The female medic, a woman named Luxy, came running over with the paddles, while the male medic, a man named Darius, whom they had picked up on Etalpalli, held down John's arm, telling Lee rather gruffly to do the same on the other side.

"100 joules," Ckkela said, rubbing the paddles together and looking down at John's face. He looked already gone... Ventricular fibrillation had set in--they had roughly ninety seconds before asystole.

"CONTACT!" the doctor shouted, and brought the paddles down on his torso. He twitched slightly, and was still. 

Nothing happened.

Ckkela snarled, and tried again. "CONTACT!"

No difference. The K-Nire heard a soft whimper, saw tears begin to fall down Lee's cheeks, and she slapped the paddles together. "Come on, you imbecile! We are not going to lose you now, not after all that we've been through to keep you alive! Get! Up! Now, CONTACT!"

She brought the paddles down on his chest once more. His eyes flew open and he sucked in an enormous breath, then began to cough and retch. Ckkela quickly discarded the paddles and, picking up a large syringe, filled it with a clear liquid from a vial marked Ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid, and moved around Lee to injected it into his arm. On his other side, Luxy was administering the rest of the drugs--anesthetics and analgesics. The pilot became quiet, a dazed, mostly unaware look on his face, his eyes heavily lidded. He looked at Lee for a moment, then slowly his black eyes closed, and his breathing--although still labored--slowed.

Ckkela stared down at his sleeping form, not even quite registering what was going on around her, her brown eyes wide.

"I almost lost him," she whispered, her gaze dropping to her paws. "That... that hasn't happened since we got here...." She jumped, as if just then remembering that Lee was there, and turned to her. And engulfed her in a doggy hug.

"I'm sorry, Lee. You didn't need to see that. I'm sorry I've been short with you, and everyone else. I'm scared... I'm so scared for Link, and for the Commander, and now John..."

Post #399:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, July 21st, 2015, 12:14 AM:
"I'm sorry, Lee. You didn't need to see that. I'm sorry I've been short with you, and everyone else. I'm scared... I'm so scared for Link, and for the Commander, and now John..."

Lee buried her face next to Ckkela' furry one, crying tears of relief, letting go of all the tension that had built up. "T-thank you," she choked out. "You saved him..." Then she pulled back, snuffling. "It's okay. Everything's hard right now. But you're doing your best." Lee gave Ckkela an encouraging smile.

They busied about, stabilizing John, placing various needles and patches on him. Lee helped where she could, but for the most part she just watched. John's face still looked sickly, but that pallor of death had faded. He wasn't in danger.
Ckkela sent the two medics to take John to a more permanent bed. Lee didn't follow them, but stayed with the K-Nire.

"I haven't checked on him in a while," Lee said with some regret in her voice. "How is Link doing?"
Ckkela's ears drooped. "About the same. No changes..."
Lee sighed. "None at all?"
"Not since I last saw him."
"Maybe... well, just maybe while all this was going on...?" Lee ventured, a faint, desperate hope in her face. But in her own heart she doubted.
The K-Nire shook her head, but replied, "We can go look."

-~-~-~-

Data condensing 23% complete.
Allow basic mental functions.

Link frowned. Or, at least, he wanted to. His face wouldn't move, though. He wondered why that was. He couldn't seem to open his eyes, either. That was odd.
Maybe he'd been injured, and he was in a deep drug-induced sleep. That would explain the unresponsiveness of his limbs. Not even his fingers would twitch!
Huh... How'd I get injured?
Link opened up his most recent memory file. Guess he hadn't had time to rename the file -- it only said the date and time. Usually he renamed them to make them easier to identify. 'Shark Attack' and 'First Kiss' and 'Hiding in Closets' were much more memorable than '19-4-09' and stuff like that. He wondered what was in store for him in this folder...

As he watched the memory, Link was filled with horror. Bade-- Gen-- the terrible pain of electricity-- and utter darkness. It was too much -- he couldn't watch it all. He remembered now. Bade had controlled him again, and he'd been helpless, a puppet for the spy.

But Link hadn't been completely helpless. No, he'd gotten the last laugh.
It would just take a while for that laugh to get out.

Data condensing 23% complete.

Man... I hope nobody thinks I'm dead. That'd be a bummer.

Post #400:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, July 21st, 2015, 04:13 AM:
Ckkela dusted off her paws and straightened up, watching as Darius and Luxy wheeled John out of the main surgery unit into the ICU/recovery room. Lee's voice cut through the sudden silence.

"How is Link doing?"

Ckkela looked at her. Her ears drooped, and she cast her gaze to the floor. "About the same. No changes..." She replied quietly.

Lee sighed. "None at all?"

Ckkela shrugged. "Not since I last saw him." Roughly two hours ago...

"Maybe... well, just maybe while all this was going on...?" Lee said slowly, hopefully.

Ckkela shook her head, but all the same, despite herself, her ears pricked up and she felt the tip of her tail quiver slightly.

"We can go look." She replied, walking after Luxy, Darius, and John.

She pushed open the door to the inpatient recovery ward, Walked past where Luxy and Darius were setting John up in a curtained room, and down to the far end. There lay Link's stasis chamber, and just past it was the door to Ckkela's office/laboratory. She walked briskly over to the stasis chamber and glanced in. Her face fell. He looked exactly the same. She closed her eyes and sank slowly into the chair beside his chamber, resting her forehead against the little vitals monitor screen.

"He's never coming back, is he...?" She murmured, her voice grief-stricken. She opened her eyes, looking at the little screen.

And froze.

Slowly, slowly, she sat up. Every hair on her body was standing on end. Her brown eyes were wide as dinner plates, and were fixed on the little screen.

Lee came rushing over, but the screen might as well have been gibberish.
"What?!" She asked quickly, "what's wrong?!"

Ckkela began to quiver, then burst up out of the chair and leaped into the air with a howl--not a whoop, not a human shout, but a deep, wild, canine howl of pure joy and excitement. She bounded around the stasis chamber, her tail lashing and eyes bright, punching in numbers and confirming her suspicions.

"Brain activity! The computer's recorded brain activity! It's a change, he's changed for the better!!!" She looked up at Lee, her eyes dancing with happiness. "He's... It's possible... I think he's going to be ok!"

- + -

Down the hall, Luxy jumped at the howl.

"Jeepers, what're they doing down there?!"

She poked her head out of the room and into the hallway, but she could see nothing. Frowning, she returning to setting up the IV bag.

"Ya'd think it was her bar mitzvah, or something!" She pulled the covers up over John's chest, placing the oxygen mask over his pallid face and adjusting the feed. "I mean, we got people trying to heal up here, an' between you being sullen all the time and Doc howling and barking, I dunno how anyone gets nothin' done!" She looked at Darius, brows furrowed and lips curled in frustration. "You listening to anything I'm saying?"

He didn't even look up from his work on one of the intravenous medicine tubes. "I always do," he said, his voice deep and droning and bored to the extreme.

Post #401:  Autumn Lee posted at Thursday, July 23rd, 2015, 05:20 PM:
Lee positively jumped when Ckkela howled, sudden and loud. It took her moment to realize it was a howl of joy. She stared at the K-Nire with wide eyes. What was going on?!

"Brain activity! The computer's recorded brain activity! It's a change, he's changed for the better!!!" She looked up at Lee, her eyes dancing with happiness. "He's... It's possible... I think he's going to be ok!"

Lee let out her breath, and her own face broke out in a smile. She looked down into the chamber. Link's face was pale, but the new hope that he would get better made it not so frightening to look on. "He's going to get better...!" she breathed. Small tears grew in her eyes. "You get better quick, Link! Or you're going to have two girls absolutely smothering you when you wake up! But you'll like that anyways, won't you?" Lee turned to Ckkela and hugged her.

-~-~-~-

Meanwhile, Link wanted to sigh. Or huff. Or kick his feet. Or scream. Or do something. It'd be nice if he could maybe fall asleep. That'd pass the time quickly. But, no, for some reason he stayed wide awake, in his mind, anyway. He watched the progress of the condensing, but it seemed like absolutely forever before it changed to 24%. Gah! Work quicker, stupid computer!!! Or I'll die of boredom before you get done!

Link could only wander in his head. The last events before he had blacked out kept recurring to him...

Gen had been waiting for him at the entrance to the Computer. All the Rebel soldiers had fled, leaving the doors easily open. Everyone was in such a hurry to escape that no one took a second glance at Link.
Gen glared at Link. "Woah, easy on the lasers!" Link pleaded.
"Whatever. I'm not staying long! So do whatever you're doing, quick!"
He nodded and turned to the giant screens of the Computer. "Right!" His fingers flew over the keyboards.
Then there'd been a voice, a very unwelcome voice behind them.
"I can't let you do that...!"

If he could, Link would have frowned. It didn't help to dwell on that right now.
25% complete.
Yeah, a sigh would be really nice right now.

Post #402:  Imogen posted at Thursday, July 23rd, 2015, 10:30 PM:
(Um guys, Kae has a very vivid imagination. And he jumps to conclusions. Dunno how he became a Commander.)

Kae was on the prowl.

He had been screening crew members, Rebellion members, and Fellaer colony members for the past twenty four hours, trying desperately to find some answer to this problem. None of them seemed to know anything--or at least, one of them was a very good liar. He had a few more people to interview...

There was a knock on his ready-room door, and Ytotia poked her head around it, looking in with wide eyes. He looked up, and his ears flicked. He stood quickly, planting his hands on the table.
"Ytotia! Come in!" he said, a little loudly. She blushed and stepped in, walking across the linoleum floor and seating herself in the cheap, plastic chair across from his flimsy wooden "desk". He cleared his throat, then shook himself and began.
"Tell me what you know about last night--and the past few days? You were at the feast, weren't you?"

She looked a little uncomfortable.
"Yes... Ytotia--I... I was at feast. Sat... across from Darius--Darius heal... healer."

Kaerael nodded and scribbled this down on his looooooong scroll of paper. "Right," he said, glancing up at her. "Go on."

"Ytotia see Lee, John, and... and man from Con-tin... other ship."

Kate's ears pricked up. "Other man? What other man?"

Ytotia blinked and straightened up nervously. "Other... security officer? Sky-blad-e."

"Skyblade?"

Ytotia nodded. "Sky-blad-e sit next to John. He get up and follow him when John leave. He--" Kae leaped to his feet, grabbing his gun and rushing towards the door.

"Show me this man!" he said urgently, slamming against the door in his haste as it opened. Ytotia ran to keep up with him. They left the Hellcat and ran through the vast docking cave, towards the community hall. All of the crews had been gathered there after news of John's poisoning, and Yukan's attempted poisoning, spread. It was into this place that the two of them burst, full speed, flinging wide the doors. Everyone looked up. Kae walked briskly and firmly through the room, following Ytotia. The girl suddenly stopped, raised a hand and pointed. Kae followed her gaze.

And there he was.

A sorrier, more shady character, Kae had never seen in all his life! He was slouched by the wall, staring at Kae with raised eyebrows and a look that just dared him to take one step closer. He thought he saw him lift his lip defiantly.

Raising an arm and pointing a finger accusingly, Kae narrowed his eyes, staring this "Skyblade" down.

"Lieutenant Skyblade, I hearby charge you on suspicion of attempted murder. Guards, take him to the brig!"

Post #403:  Imogen posted at Saturday, July 25th, 2015, 11:41 PM:
Hours had passed, and Luxy was still on duty. It wasn't as if two patients should be that much trouble, right?! Wrong.

Link was always in need of attention (which really wasn't far off from normalcy in his case, so she figured she shouldn't have been surprised). His chamber needed monitoring, and a constant oxygen feed needed to be realigned every twenty minutes, as well as having his vitals, IV, and intravenous medications monitored, adjusted, and everything else under the sun. At least his brain was working again. She wouldn't have to worry about hearing Ckkela worrying about him for much longer.

John was no better.

He was still breathing irregularly, and finally Ckkela had torn herself away from Link long enough to make sure that John wouldn't die on them--probably at the insistence of that girl, Lee. Nice girl, made some dang good enchiladas. Luxy heard her stomach growl at the thought, and she picks athe carrot that she had been nibbling on up off the surgical table. She watched John sleep--glad that he was asleep. When he had been awake, he'd been raving. Aside from the oxygen, he had an array of stabilizing plates resting on his chest--Luxy loved these things, they kept the heart at the right pace--but sadly, only as long as there ere attached. Still, it was a great compromise. Because it might have exacerbated his arrhythmia, Ckkela had decided against gastric lavage, so instead he was attached to the ancient dialysis machine, which had been sitting in the storage room for as long as Luxy could remember.

Who even uses them anymore? Well, it's a good thing we had one, even if it is an antiquated torture machine.

It looked like one, anyway, all big and hulking. She sighed and sat down, perusing through a data pad full of info on her two high maintenence patients. She didn't even notice when Darius came in.

"Did you hear they caught the poisoner?" He asked quietly. She thought she heard a hint of smug satisfaction in his voice.

"Naw!!!" Luxy exclaimed in excitement, leaning forward. "who was it then?"

"A man named Majora. He was an officer on the Continuity."

Luxy leaped up in surprise. Yukan, followed closely by Kuna, Sensa, and the security detachment, had entered the room. The captain was looking down at her, and there was a sad frown on his face.

Post #404:  Imogen posted at Sunday, July 26th, 2015, 04:53 PM:
It was surprisingly quiet in the mess hall.

Gen sat alone at a table by the window, her head in her hands, her back bent and shoulders slouched. The Outsdier seemed deserted, but she preferred it that way--she needed to be alone.

This just seems to be a string of unfortunate events, one after another. Just like in the books. First we get sucked into the storm, then we crash and we're stuck on a nearly sub-technological planet for six months, then we get captured, John loses his memory, Link blacks out--

She broke off, a lump in the back of her throat. She rubbed her eyes. What was that? She had had no choice! He'd come at her like a rocket... It had all happened so fast...

...she'd been waiting for him for a full ten minutes before he finally arrived, puffing and panting. She glared at him, ignoring the people streaming around them.

He looked up at her, and his good-natured face twitched, a slight anxiety flickering momentarily across his features.

"Woah, easy on the lasers!" he said, raising his hands defensively before him.

Gen snorted. Why John had chosen her for this job, she would never know. She crossed her arms and glowered at him.

"Whatever. I'm not staying long! So do whatever you're doing, quick!"
I don't have the time or patience to be your babysitter, Link Rukor.

"Right!"

He grinned and cracked his knuckles, turning away from her and towards the computers. They were completely alone now--everyone else had fled. Curious--though she'd never admit it, Gen turned and followed him. He was already bent over the keyboards and consoles, his fingers flying over them at near Zeranorian speed.

"I can't let you do that...!"

Gen whirled around, raising her hands. Then she saw who it was, and lowered them in confusion. Bade? What was he doing here?!

The man was staring hard at something just over her left shoulder. She turned to follow his gaze. Link was standing stiffly, facing her, his eyes and face completely blank.

"Link...?" She said slowly, glancing from him to Bade. The man was smiling, darkly, intently. Gen's eyes widened, and she took a step back, her hands crackling with electricity. "What have you done to him?!" She roared. Her eyes narrowed flintily, and she snarled. "Leave Link alone!"

Bade's grin widened. "No, I think you have it the wrong way around."

She stopped, her eyes narrowing. "What do you mean...?"

The bullet missed her head by about two inches. She heard the shot and just barely moved in time, her heightened reflexes kicking in. She whirled around.

And found herself staring down the barrel of Link's gun.

Without hesitation, without a second thought, she flung her hands up, grabbed his chest.

And discharged every joule of electricity she could muster into his body.

She jerked upright, her heart pounding and eyes wide. She sat that way for a long time, alone, quiet, still.
She'd killed Link, her brother was a raging cycopath, and John had been poisoned.
She put her head in her hands and cried.

Post #405:  Autumn Lee posted at Saturday, August 15th, 2015, 10:34 PM:
"A man named Majora. He was an officer on the Continuity."

The nurse leaped up in surprise, a guilty look crossing her face when she saw who had spoken. Yukan had a sad frown on his face.
He sighed. "It's not confirmed yet, however, so please keep any rumors you hear to yourself."

"We are here to speak with Doctor Ckkela," said Luna. She seemed strangely fidgety, her eyes unable to stay focused on one thing, her hand moving on and off of the case where her gun was. "Is she available?"

(Sorry it's so short... D: Link next... but feel free to post, Link won't affect much)

Brought to you by the Fancy Spacey Phone, aka a Galaxy

Post #406:  Autumn Lee posted at Saturday, August 15th, 2015, 11:17 PM:
... ... ...

Link played a game of word association with himself.
Bored.
Boring.
Dying.
Killing.
Murder.
Memories.
Lost.
Losing.
Game.
Board.
Bored.
Bored.
Bored. 

So that wasn't working.

27%
Allow outside data connections.

Link perked up. Now that was better! He could connect to a nearby system and maybe figure out where he was.

Searching for nearby networks... Searching...

Link groaned inwardly. So slow!

Found:
ICU 417
Datapad Ion-3 'Dr. Ckkela'

Score! Now to connect...

Connecting... 1%... 2%...

I hate waiting...

Brought to you by the Fancy Spacey Phone, aka a Galaxy

Post #407:  Imogen posted at Saturday, August 15th, 2015, 11:33 PM:
Luxy looked up at them, eyes widening with interest. Her face fell slightly and she shifted, glancing away from him, looking at Ckkela. She seemed surprisingly--or, at this point, not so surprisingly, preoccupied. Luxy didn't have to guess what with.

"We are here to speak with Doctor Ckkela," the purple-eyed captain said, looking directly at Luxy this time, turning away from the unconscious man on the bed. "Is she available?"

Luxy nodded. "Yeah--HEY CKKELA!"

The doctor appeared from--nailed it, Luxy thought--Link's room, saw the captains and Sensa, and hurried forward, her face falling to seriousness. "Yes?" she said, "Captain, Captain," nodding to each of them in turn. "How can I help you?"

Post #408:  Autumn Lee posted at Saturday, August 15th, 2015, 11:44 PM:
Yukan flinched when the nurse shouted for Ckkela.
Not everyone can be as quiet as you,  Sensa told him with a bit of a laughing smile.

The K-Nire doctor appeared almost right away. "Yes?" Ckkela asked. "Captain, Captain," she nodded to each. "How can I help you?"

Yukan looked at Kuna in a Should I or should you?  sort of way. The purple-eyed lady pursed her lips, then nodded her head stiffly.
"We are investigating the poisoning of Lieutenant John Turner. A suspect, Officer Majora Skyblade, has been arrested. We require the analysis of the poison used."

-*-*-*-

Meanwhile...

Connecting... 80%.

At least it's faster than the data condensing. Which is still only at 26%. Sigh. Big sigh. Why me? Must be karma getting me back for putting frogs in my mom's bed. Gotta be that.

Brought to you by the Fancy Spacey Phone, aka a Galaxy

Post #409:  Imogen posted at Sunday, August 16th, 2015, 12:44 AM:
"We are investigating the poisoning of Lieutenant John Turner. A suspect, Officer Majora Skyblade, has been arrested. We require the analysis of the poison used."

Luxy's main eyes were focused on Kuna, while she kept the others on Ckkela. Kuna still looked very uncomfortable, while the K-Nire doctor seemed very preoccupied--there was a happy grin all across her face now, but when she heard the captain's words, she sobered up real quick.

"The poison... aye, aye, the poison. Um... just one moment." Looking rather ruffled, she was. Luxy turned all of her eyes onto the Doctor. Hmm...

Ckkela stopped at the centrifuge scanner, and plucked the vial of the pilot's blood from the machine.

"Majora Skyblade?" she muttered to herself, "I've heard that name before...."

She swirled it around, raising it to the light and examining it closely. Then she lowered her hand and looked at the readings, and nodded.

"Ok, first diagnosis was partially correct. The toxin was a digitalis, heavy metal combo--cadmium." She printed out a report, and turned around, handing it to him, a curious look in her eye.

"Sir, may I ask, what do you need the data for?" And then she jumped--her data-pad was buzzing an alert. Luxy ignored it--she was looking at something far more interesting. Kuna and the other Gurrans were such funny people to watch.

Post #410:  Fox813 posted at Sunday, August 16th, 2015, 04:29 PM:
Expect a post within the week.

Post #411:  Fox813 posted at Sunday, August 16th, 2015, 04:44 PM:
Sooooo.... It's not that long, but I need to see what happens next before I put my plan into action. Added a character too. 


Skyblade sat in his cell and was examining his nails. There were two guards outside of the cell, and both carried large guns. The cell itself was steel, and the only gaps in the walls were the door, and a small crate for the air conditioning. There was no bed, no sink, and no toilet. Skyblade had been told that it was impossible to escape. 
Of course, this meant nothing to him. Skyblade would get out when he needed to, 'escape proof' or not.

***

Back in the med-bay, or rather a vent shaft connected to the med-bay, a man was listening to all that was said in the room. He was about 26, and had brown hair. His clothes were a hi-tech commando suit, with all the fancy gadgets. He had a pistol strapped to his left leg, and a sniper/assault rifle hybrid on his back. Using a earpiece, he was recording the conversation between Luxy and Ckkela. Saying it was Skyblade, eh? They sure got that wrong. He grinned a little, and then backed away into the shadows. 

Post #412:  Autumn Lee posted at Sunday, August 16th, 2015, 08:17 PM:
"Sir, may I ask, what do you need the data for?"

Yukan opened his mouth to answer, but Ckkela's data pad was buzzing. She jumped nervously.
"Go ahead," said Yukan calmly, seeing how she hesitated to check it or not. He looked at the report critically. A curious choice of poison. Whoever did this, certainly did not wish a quick death for me. Then again, my constitution will fend of any weak poisons easily... The Guerran glanced at John from the corner of his eye. I'm surprised he is alive. Zeranorians process liquids so quickly... Must have been painful.

"Doctor?" said Kuna sharply, startling both the K-Nire and Yukan. Ckkela was staring intently at her data pad, tail whipping.

"I-I'm sorry, it's just-- Well, look!" And she turned the screen to them.

FINALLY! Er, hi, Ckkela. Just lettin' ya know I'm not dead. At least, I'm pretty sure. Please reply and let me know? I'm going mad with boredom. -Link

Brought to you by the Fancy Spacey Phone, aka a Galaxy

Post #413:  Imogen posted at Monday, August 17th, 2015, 05:05 PM:
Ckkela glanced down at the screen, wondering if it were Frederique--she'd paged him earlier.

It wasn't.

FINALLY! Er, hi, Ckkela. Just lettin' ya know I'm not dead. At least, I'm pretty sure. Please reply and let me know? I'm going mad with boredom. -Link

Her heart stopped. All thought and sense and understanding went out the window. Link! Link, it was Link! Her tail began lashing without her even noticing, her ears pricked up, a wide, wide grin spread across her muzzle.

"Doctor?" Kuna asked sharply, and Ckkela jumped.

"I-I'm sorry, it's just-- Well, look!" And, grinning, she turned the screen around.

They all, including Luxy and Darius, leaned in to get a closer look. Luxy blinked, then straightened up, walked to the curtain door, stuck her head out, and looked towards Link's room. When she turned around, there was a frown on her face.

"This some sort of practical joke, Doc?" She asked flatly. "Cause, unless I'm much mistaken, that man hasn't moved since I saw you put him in there."

"No, no, he can connect to other computers--send messages. I've seen him do it before!"

Luxy frowned deeply, and was about to respond, when a hoarse croak interrupted her.

"S.... in the... air...."

She turned around, brows shooting up, ears pricking.
John was awake, his eyes unfocused, fixed on a part of the wall just to the right of the ventilation shaft opening. Heavily anesthetized, he struggled to move, to form a coherent sentence--an effort that was further impeded by the oxygen mask over his face and the breathing tube down his throat.
Ckkela stepped away from the door, past Kuna, and to his bed, raising a paw and holding it to his forehead. He was still quite hot. She frowned shook her head and looked up at Yukan.

"He's delirious. Luxy, put him under again."

The nurse moved forward, but, to Ckkela's surprise, John reacted quite violently. His eyes widened, a gleam of sense returning, and he tried to scramble away from her as she reached for the drop on his IV. Her fingers opened the anaesthetic flow, and he froze, then shaking his head roughly, propped himself up on his elbows.

"Wai... Wai..." He gagged on the breathing tube, his eyes widening. But no one was listening. Except for Luxy--she watched him with interest. His eyes flickered, and a sudden intensity flooded through them. He reached out, grabbed at Kuna's arm, pulled her close.

"Cap...'n... warn... you..." He held tight, staring with fierce eyes into her face, as if he were clinging to consciousness by sheer willpower. His unfocused eyes flicked from Kuna, to Yukan and Sensa, then to the wall again. But now the intensity was fading, his jaw going slack, breathing slowing. He blinked slowly, grimaced, his grip on her arm relaxing as he slowly sank back down against the cot. She tore herself away, staring at him in confusion.

"It's in the walls...." He murmured, and his gaze slipped off of her, sliding closed, his head going limp, lolling to one side.

Luxy stepped away, glancing at his stats, and frowned. Darn those Zeranorians fast metabolisms!

Post #414:  Willow Skyrider posted at Monday, August 17th, 2015, 05:52 PM:
Fredrique leapt under his bed and smacked his wrist against the wall, the rat escaped again, for the moment. The little rodent scurried to the end of the bed as Frederique pulled himself out of the crevice and raced towards the hidey-hole in the bottom of his dresser. He stuck his wrist through the hole and stretched for the miserable beasty.

"Come here, you little-" *SNAP* "OW."

He yanked his arm back and glared at the driblets of blood on his finger. "YOU BIT ME?!" He punched the dresser side and instantly regretted the idea. "Ow.... Stupid space-rat..." He muttered as he leaned back against the foot of his bed and listened to his comm chime.

"Oh, well at least someone likes me... I wonder who..." He turned the small screen on and read the message from Ckkela. "Just a few hours old... Thanks piece of junk for keeping me up to date with my life." He quickly wrote up a reply and sent it off. The rodent could wait.

Post #415:  Autumn Lee posted at Monday, August 17th, 2015, 10:03 PM:
"Gen...?"

The Zeranorian's head shot up, and she rubbed away the wet trails of tears on her cheeks. Lee was standing in front of her, looking nervous but concerned.
"Are you... okay?" the cook asked.

-*-*-*-

"Cap...'n... warn... you... It's in the walls..."

Kuna stared at John's pale face, confusion in her eyes. What could possibly be in the walls that he must warn them about? And why has he grabbed her? That nurse was within closer reach.
She looked at the others. "Did that hold any meaning to you?" she asked.

The others shook their heads. "Perhaps something to do with the poisoner," Yukan mused. "We will keep it in mind. For now..." He turned to Ckkela. "Thank you for your help. The Outsider is lucky to have you on her crew. We will be by again to check up on Lieutenant Turner."

The Guerrans filed out.

-*-*-*-

Had she gotten his message?

Link waited in agony for a reply from Ckkela. He had connected, hadn't he? A gnawing worry that he was completely delusional in the brain seeped in. Not able to sense the real world, and not able to completely trust his computer, Link feared he couldn't process reality anymore.

I'm stuck with myself in my own mind.
I'm going to drive myself mad.
If I'm not mad already.

Please reply, Ckkela! I shall write you a long love letter if you do! Full of dearest's and honey's and all that good mushy romancy stuff that girls are supposed to like.

Brought to you by the Fancy Spacey Phone, aka a Galaxy

Post #416:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, August 18th, 2015, 10:44 AM:
"Gen...?"

Gen's head jerked up. Lee was standing nervously in the door to the mess hall, one hand on the lights, watching her with sympathetic eyes. The Zeranorian wiped the tears off her face and sniffed, trying to force her usual stern, commanding, manic look. But failing.

"Are you... okay?"

The Zeranorian sat there for a moment, teetering on the edge of her normal explosion, or something else... something unfamiliar. She stared at Lee for a moment more, then her shoulders slumped, and her head drooped.

"I... I'm... no," she said quietly. There was a moment of silence, and the couch she was sitting on shifted as Lee sat too. She bit her lip. This was stupid. You're showing your weakness to another being, the Lee girl nonetheless, who wants to steal your brother. No... its more than that. He wants to be stolen. Abandoning me, thats what they're doing. Darn them.

"It's nothing," she said gruffly, turning her face away. Then, "John's always getting into trouble. He always pulls out of it somehow. This time will be no different... right?"

and then a long pause, and the source of all her problems, the one fear that haunted her every time she moved. It wasn't as if she hadn't killed someone before, but this... this was different. He hadn't been her enemy. He hadn't even been an innocent bystander. Link was--and she hated to say it as much as she knew it was true--had been, her friend.

"Is... is Link dead? Did I... did I kill him?"

- + -

Luxy frowned down at the sleeping pilot, then looked up at the wall. In the walls... What in the heck did that mean?
She watched as the Gurrans filed out of the room, and as Ckkela dashed away and Daruis pulled off his surgical gloves and slouched out, watched the people-in-the-room-count drop down to a nice, even two, and turned to John. Checked his stats, frowned, adjusted the saline bag and the IV drip, and stood up. If she was right, then they, these two together, might be able to bust this case wide open. She thought, somehow, John knew who the poisoner was, but he was so souped up with drugs and liquid death that he couldn't string two words together.

Which was why Luxy decided to take matters into her own hands.

Locking the settings on John's med-distribution computer--in case the poisoner came back to finish the job--she snatched up her satchel, and walked briskly out of the door.

I think its time someone asked Skyblade for his side of the story....

- + -

...Link...


What would you do if I told you that you aren't dead, but might well soon be for putting me through this?!

I love you--and thank you for not dying. I really appreciate it. Write back soon.



-Ckkela

Post #417:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, August 18th, 2015, 11:38 AM:
The Zeranorian sat there and stared at Lee for a for while, then her shoulders slumped, and her head drooped.

"I... I'm... no," she said quietly.
Lee hesitated a second, then walked over and sat down next to Gen. She didn't say anything.

"It's nothing," Gen said gruffly, turning her face away. Then, "John's always getting into trouble. He always pulls out of it somehow. This time will be no different... right?"

And then a long pause. Finally Gen looked at Lee with grief in her eyes.
"Is... is Link dead? Did I... did I kill him?"

Lee's eyes widened. "No one told you?" she said with disbelief. When Gen began to look dismayed, Lee rushed to explain. "No, no! Oh, Gen, no, he's still alive. He's in a-- a coma, or something, but Ckkela said he's going to recover." She paused, then added, "And John is going to be fine, too."

-~-~-~-

...Link...

What would you do if I told you that you aren't dead, but might well soon be for putting me through this?!

I love you--and thank you for not dying. I really appreciate it. Write back soon.

-Ckkela

The words appeared slowly, one letter at a time. It was agonizingly slow, but each sentence brought incredible relief to Link.
I'm not dead! Hallelujah!

That wouldn't be very nice. I might cry if you said that. But of course you're not actually saying that, so I won't cry.

You're welcome for not dying. I strive to please. I'm guessing it was your marvelous work that's kept me alive -- so thank you.

I love you too.
I would also love a sandwich. The fact that I can't have one makes me rather depressed. Oh, well. Make sure Lee has one for me when I wake up, won't you?

Oh, guess I should let ya know, and you should let the Rebel peeps know, too.
I saved the Computer. Bade wanted to take the data for himself, or destroy it. But I got to it first.
Ka-chow! Ain't I full of awesome surprises?

Post #418:  Fox813 posted at Tuesday, August 18th, 2015, 12:09 PM:
Skyblade looked up as Luxy came to his cell door. The Termian raised n eyebrow, and said in a slightly sarcastic tone, "To what do I owe this pleasure?"

Luxy frowned at him, and then bluntly asked, "Did you poison John Turner?" 

Majora almost chuckled. "Oh, now you ask?" He slowly smiled, which was, admittedly, fairly frightening. "Yes. Yes I did. Have you identified the poison yet?" Let's hope this goes according to plan... If she tells me the poison, and if it was what I think it was, I've already solved this puzzle. All that remains is to get the real culprit to make a mistake...


***


As Trevor Fayes backed out of the vent shafts, he was using infrared. Being in a vent shaft, one does not expect to see another heat signature. But there was one heading away from the med-bay. He stopped moving and tracked the signature. It was exiting the vents in a storage room. Bingo. Trevor hurried out himself, and ran to the storage room where the signature had entered. He hid around the corner, and watched the door. 
It was a few minutes, then a man walked out. He was average height , and looked fairly unimpressive. In fact, he looked weak.
Nonetheless, when Trevor saw him, he muttered a string if curses, and went pale. 

Post #419:  Imogen posted at Friday, August 21st, 2015, 12:34 AM:
"Oh, now you ask?" He slowly smiled, and Luxy cringed. Maybe she had been wrong--maybe he really was the poisoner?!

"Yes. Yes I did. Have you identified the poison yet?"

Definitely wrong. The nurse hovered there for a moment, quivering, and then took a few rapid steps forward, her eyes beginning to blaze.

"Why you--I ought-a--of all--and you have the guile to admit it, too, you dirty stinking rotten--"

And then she saw the look in his eyes, and paused. What was that, amusement? Interest? Intensity in those eyes... something wasn't right here, and she didn't think it was she who was off...

"Come on, tell me you haven't figured it out!"

Why should he care? What difference did it make? ...no, this was different. There was something wrong. A flame of understanding--insight, more like--lit in her chest, and she held onto it, hoping against hope. He hadnt seemed like a bad guy up till now--at least from what she'd heard.

"Digitalis," she replied quickly. "Digitalis with a heavy-metal lacing--Cadmium."

She crossed her arms and leaned against the wall, looking at him heavily.

"Now, tell me what really happened, or am I gonna have ta call the guard to wring it out of ya?"

- + -

"No one told you?" she said with disbelief. Gen's eyes flooded with grief, and she slumped--but then Lee was hurrying to correct herself. "No, no! Oh, Gen, no, he's still alive. He's in a-- a coma, or something, but Ckkela said he's going to recover." She paused, then added, "And John is going to be fine, too."

Something seemed wrong with Gen. The corners of her lips were twitching and her eyes were squinting up. Then she threw her head back and burst out laughing, leaped to her feet, caught Lee up in an enormous, bone-crushing, Zeranorian bear hug, and swung her around.

"YIPPEEEEE!" She shouted, dropping Lee onto the couch, vaulting the plush chair, and began dancing around the mess hall, leaping between the tables and skirting around chairs, leaving Lee behind to watch, bewildered.

- + -

Oh, guess I should let ya know, and you should let the Rebel peeps know, too.

I saved the Computer. Bade wanted to take the data for himself, or destroy it. But I got to it first.

Ka-chow! Ain't I full of awesome surprises?

Ckkela read this, and her eyes widened, her tail stopped wagging. Her ears pricked up and she sat up straighter. Saved the computer? He... he did it. Her heart soared, and she felt like giggling. Oh, oh! The computer was all right! It had survived! That meant...

That meant that the Rebels could get in contact with their counterparts on the other side of the war zone!

They were saved!

Link,

Thats amazing! That's fantastic news! I'll let them know immediately! But we have to keep this under tight wraps--there's a traitor on this ship, someone working for the Empire. Link, they poisoned John and tried to kill Yukan--Yukan's the captain now, and John's the first officer. Theres a lot you need to be caught up on. I'll make sure no one hurts you--just keep the computer safe.

I'll have a sandwich ready for you when you wake up. Wake up soon.

-Ckkela.

Post #420:  Fox813 posted at Wednesday, August 26th, 2015, 10:21 AM:
'Tis short. My specialty...


"Now, tell me what really happened, or am I gonna have ta call the guard to wring it out of ya?"
Skyblade had an amused look. "I doubt any of the guards could get me to say anything. Also, I think I'm going to leave now."
He stood, and walked to the door. Luxy frowned, and stepped away. "The only way out is with a key..."
Skyblade snapped his fingers, and the two guards at the door smacked into each other, pushed by an invisible force. Luxy drew a pistol. "Don't move Sky--" She looked confused, and then scared as the air was prevented from entering her lungs. Skyblade quietly said, "Open the door."


***


Trevor ran to the med bay. As he entered, all the people in the room turned to look at him. He muttered, "The Pauper...", and then he collapsed. Blood from a wound on his side began to pool on the floor. 

Post #421:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, August 26th, 2015, 10:23 AM:
(Oh snap. This is too awesome. THINGS ARE HEATING UP!)


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk

Post #422:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, September 9th, 2015, 01:10 PM:
Gen's reaction completely caught Lee off guard. Her frightened squeal was stifled by the Zeranorian's rib-cracking hug, all the air pushed out of her lungs. Then Gen was off, dancing between and on the tables and chairs. "YIPPEEEEE!" She shouted.

Lee caught her breath. Then, slowly, she started laughing. The Zeranorian's joy was infectious. "Oh, Gen! I didn't know you -- you cared so much... I'm glad, though." She smiled at Gen, and her eyes were shining for some reason. "I keep thinking I'm alone, but I keep getting proved wrong. I'm surrounded by friends--" She shook her head. "No, family. Everyone on the Outsider-- they're there for me. And you, too, Gen. None of us are alone." Lee let out a laugh of pure joy. "Isn't that the best feeling!"

((More soon!))

Brought to you by the Fancy Spacey Phone, aka a Galaxy

Post #423:  Imogen posted at Friday, September 11th, 2015, 12:42 AM:
Outside the pool of stark light, it was night in the cell, in the darksome reaches of his soul, he was lost.

Sitting knees-to-chest, eyes fixed on the darker darkness from which they had brought him in, top ears curled back, face blank and lips parted in dull mockery of expression.

She would come. She would come to get them. She was coming with the crew. Oh no. No, oh no.... She couldn't come. They would kill her. She must turn around, follow protocol, return to the Earthen Republic and report the situation. Leave them behind. There was no hope--not while the Empire had the other one... The one who was like Kuna, but not. Confused, broken. Not evil, but corrupted. Dark. And the computer--the Outsider's computer, spliced together like some cheap factory AI, but deadly, far more deadly. Putty in the hands of the empire, an AI creating a link between a thousand million starships. An incorruptible chain. And then there were the hole creatures, the ones who looked like unfilled gaps in the intricate fabric of spacetime. He knew now not to touch them. The admiral who first resisted had degenerated to little more than a still, burning shadow on the face of reality. Some were worse than others. Some couldn't even speak. Others spoke too much. Behind his smooth voice, their leader Aronan was deadly cruel, and sharp as a scalpel.

And then there was him.

He was terrifying beyond anything the captain had already seen, worse than Excelsior and the Negatives and the Corrupted AI. The Emperor had an uncanny air about him, something in the way he held his head, in the gleam in his eye, forced the captain's eyes away. Something about the idea of meeting that clammy gaze made the captain shudder.

No, Kuna could not come. She mustn't come. He and the others, leaders though they were, mattered far less than the safety of their people, and potentially, their worlds.

Besides, it had been over two weeks since he'd last seen a human. Reagent no longer knew I'd there was anyone else left to save.

Post #424:  Autumn Lee posted at Friday, September 11th, 2015, 07:09 AM:
((REAGEEENT D': Will post more today!!!))

Brought to you by the Fancy Spacey Phone, aka a Galaxy

Post #425:  Autumn Lee posted at Friday, September 11th, 2015, 07:57 AM:
So about the Computer...

The message only downloaded on Ckkela's data pad partway. She watched it, waiting for the rest of the message to appear. But it didn't.

In Link's mind, the connection had been lost. Monkey tails! he cursed. Re-establishing the connection would be a slow, agonizingly slow, process -- if it connected at all.

Data condensing at 27% percent. Computer functions at full capacity. Please wait...

Noooooooo...! Link groaned. That sigh was probably going to be the first thing out of his mouth when he woke up -- it was long overdue now. He briefly wondered if his systems could even contain all the data. Maybe shoulda thought of that before I downloaded it.

In the real world, a nurse rushed into the room. Ckkela looked up from her datapad. "Doctor, you're needed urgently!" the nurse said, four eyes wide and tail lashing. The K-Nire jumped up. "What's going on?"
"There's a man who just collapsed in the Medbay -- he's losing a lot of blood!"
Ckkela cast a glance at her datapad, and at the comatose Link, then nodded.

-~-~-~-

"Before you begin to form any thoughts against me," Kuna said to Yukan and Sensa -- more Sensa than the other -- as they were walking back to their quarters, "I must inform you that I have no connection to the attempted murder of Captain Orbas. Such an attempt by myself, successful or otherwise, would be counterproductive to establishing a form of stability within the crews of the Continuity and Outsider."
They stopped outside the quarters where Yukan resided. Kuna continued, "I am as perplexed as you as to the motives of the poisoner. Two possibilities occur to me -- the elimination of the person in charge, simply assassinating the person in charge, regardless of who that may be; or a more personal assassination, specifically against you, Captain. However, I find that unlikely, as few personally know you, and as such, it's unlikely anyone has a personal vendetta against you."

The two Guerrans were quietly thoughtful. Yukan rubbed his face. "It won't do us good now to ponder the why's," he replied. He looked Kuna in the eye. "I believe you had nothing to do with it. Your assistance in this is appreciated." Yukan bowed his head in a sign of respect.
Sensa watched Kuna with narrowed eyes, still full of distrust, but she too nodded. "You're right. Trying to kill us now would be stupid. And whatever you may be, Kuna, you're not stupid." She turned pointedly and entered Yukan's room.
With another nod, Yukan left Kuna also.

The Enerxia-Guerran stood for several moments, seemingly staring at the closed door, still as a statue, and just as emotionless.
What would Captain Marroon do?
It was such an impossible situation -- the Commanders kidnapped, the Rebel base destroyed, the remaining Captains targeted.
What should I do?

A strange thought occurred to her, completely illogical in appearing in her mind at that moment. Kuna frowned. Where had that thought come from?
But perhaps... I must be at my strongest, if I wish to save the Captain. And perhaps... I am not at my strongest. Not now.
Kuna narrowed her eyes. How had she forgotten -- forgotten that part of her that made her stronger than either a Lume-Guerran or Xeo-Guerran? So much of her past had resurfaced -- she hardly felt like the same Kuna who had first stepped onto the Continuity.
She stared down at her hands. In one, a small flame flickered; in the other, ice crystals slowly formed.
I will save you, Captain. I will not fail you. Not a second time.

Post #426:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, September 30th, 2015, 10:18 PM:
((*pokes thread* Is it dead...?)))

Brought to you by the Fancy Spacey Phone, aka a Galaxy

Post #427:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, September 30th, 2015, 10:19 PM:
(NARP! I have post in the works, gonna try and polish it off tonight. WE NEED MORE PEOPLE IN THIS ONE!!!)


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk

Post #428:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, September 30th, 2015, 10:20 PM:
((...I think it's our own fault, we kidnapped the thread, then returned it, XXXXL version...))

Brought to you by the Fancy Spacey Phone, aka a Galaxy

Post #429:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, September 30th, 2015, 10:21 PM:
(Yep.)
(SORRY EVERYONE ELSE!!! Please come back to us!)


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk

Post #430:  Rampion posted at Thursday, October 1st, 2015, 07:41 AM:
(I'll jump in! If you want.)

Post #431:  Imogen posted at Thursday, October 1st, 2015, 07:41 AM:
(YESPLEASE!)


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk

Post #432:  Rampion posted at Saturday, October 3rd, 2015, 08:26 PM:
(Okay, here goes!) 

Miri stared down the hallway, bored. For hours, now, she'd been guarding...what? Ever since the news of the Zeranorian's poisoning, strange orders had been given and carried out. Why?  She knew little of what had occurred, but what she knew seemed to say that the Zeranorian had not been the intended target. For one thing, no one had anything to gain, as far as Miri knew, from killing him. Any member of the command chain would have been a more logical choice. Had the Zeranorian touched something not for him? Perhaps. Miri sighed. As she resumed her pointless argument inside her head, a man in an officer's uniform came down the corridor. "Halt!" Miri ordered, and advanced. "None may pass without permission of the Captain. Do you have permission, and proof of it?" Resting her hands on her stout, metal staff, she barred the way past. 
"Yes, I have permission," the man answered her. Appearing impatient, he attempted to shove past her. 
"Show proof of that. None may pass without proof of the permission." 
"My business is urgent! Let me pass!"
"Show proof of the Captain's permission, or depart!" Miri suspected that he was up to no good. Any real officer, with permission, would have shown the note when first challenged. But this man did not. 
Instead of shoving her again, the man pulled out a piece of paper. "Here." 

As Miri looked at the paper, a curious sensation came over her. It was like someone had tried to shock her, but had failed. Suspicious, she quickly looked up at the man. That face... A Hadwur! Famous for the ability to use mind tricks on many species in the galaxy, they were feared. 
"Don't try that again. It won't get you anywhere," she said with a tight-lipped grin. Startled, the man looked up. With a snarl, Miri swung her staff down on his face, knocking him out. Looking down at him, Miri commented, "Humans are one of the species immune to those things." Reaching for her communicator, she sent a message to her commander.
"Sir, a person attempted to pass me without permission from the Captain. However, the Hadwur has been rendered unconscious. Please reply with instructions on how to dispose of him. "

Post #433:  Imogen posted at Saturday, March 5th, 2016, 12:50 AM:
It had been days--weeks, since they'd arrived on this hunk of rock. They were no closer to finding the poisoner--never mind the missing captains--than they were to winning the war against the Empire.

John was slowly recovering, and some connection had apparently been made with Link. Ckkela was still not talking to Gen.

The greatest achievement they made was when, a week or so after John had been poisoned, the crew finally managed to bring Anti-Cure back online. Gen and Kkeut brought him up to date fairly quickly.

Kaerael was still convinced that the man he had caught was the poisoner, and, between trying to evade the nagging wrath of his great aunt Kazai, and the wrath of the leader of his people (who wanted answers on the strategies currently being planned), continued to question "Skyblade".

The engineers had been working hard to outfit the ship for an infiltration of the Empire. Led by Taikunami, they made great progress. John was even able to get up and help with the bridge work, towards the end, and by the time it was finished, he was nearly back to normal--if not a little anaemic. They had really just finished when the news came in.

Delvin Ray skittered around the corner and into the docking bay, a piece of paper clutched in his paw. He crashed into the hull as he leaped into the hatch, making John whirl around in the pilot's chair, eyes wide, and everyone else jump up in surprise.

Delvin recovered, and dusted himself off, clearing his throat, then proceeded to read off in a nearly too-fast voice, the contents of the paper.

"A possible location for our missing captains and admirals has been found! This is the report from Captain Gonzalez's tracker--they must not have found it before she activated it!!!"

For a moment everyone was still. Then John leaped up with a cry of joy, and rushed towards him. The whole room exploded.
The captain! They'd found the captain!

Forget the poisoner, they were going home.


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk

Post #434:  Imogen posted at Sunday, March 6th, 2016, 01:42 AM:
The next day, they were quickly preparing for departure.

With the admirals and leaders of the rebellion gone, and Kae being the only remaining high-ranking rebel commander, the Hellcat, Continuity, and the Outsider, had taken the lead of the rebellion.

Whether they wanted it or not, they had definitely become involved.

John sat at the helm, twiddling his thumbs and worrying about takeoff. Ckkela had finally cleared him for normal duty, with moderation, but he still couldn't eat much without wanting to throw it up again. He sighed and crossed his arms, wresting his chin on the helm. If this meant he really was not ready, this particular takeoff might go interestingly.

"Hey, John!"

He turned around. Taikunami was leaning against the seat behind his, smiling nervously.

John grinned. "Taik! How is engineering?"

Post #435:  Willow Skyrider posted at Sunday, March 6th, 2016, 07:43 PM:
John grinned. "Taik! How is engineering?"
Taikunami nodded and stepped out from behind the chair. "It looks like it's holding itself together, John. But I won't know until we get out into the 'free ocean'." He reached into his back-pocket and pulled out a Datapad. "I do have some minor concerns, though. The pressure in one of the nacelle components is a little off, but that could just be a fluctuation which will be resolved once the engine turns to hypermode. And there was an odd, though very minor power-surge earlier this morning."

John nodded, certainly unsettled. "So you think if we launch then we'll be blowing up into teeny tiny bits?"
Taik shook his head. "If we blew up, this ship wouldn't be so kind as to leave us any kind of bits behind, it would just vaporize us. But the engineers have everything under control and it'll be a smooth ride from here to... where ever it is that we're going."

John smirked. "We're going to fight the empire, save the universe, win the ladies! That kind of hero-stuff." If only I didn't feel quite so sick to my stomach. "How is Anticure doing? I mentioned that he should be put into the AI, but Gen didn't seem so thrilled with that idea, or at least that's what it sounded like."
Taik shook his head. "I don't know, as far as it seemed to me Anticure was back online. Maybe they met a complication and his data-streams with the ship are malfunctioning or something."
"That's strange." John muttered. "But if you think that we're up to specs with the flight-plans then we just need our green-light and it's off we go!" Of course, Air Control was always busy being difficult. They'd been waiting for nearly two hours now for the go-ahead because Air Control had said something about an erratic meteor-shower postponing launches for at least three hours. John looked on the bright side. At least it's not that much longer of a wait.

Post #436:  Rampion posted at Saturday, March 12th, 2016, 04:20 PM:
(Trying to figure out what to post...What happened with Skyblade and Luxy? And Trevor being in the Medbay?)

Post #437:  Imogen posted at Saturday, March 12th, 2016, 04:25 PM:
Oh, oops... Well, Skyblade will still be in the brig, Trevor and Luxy should both be in the Med-Bay)


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk

Post #438:  Rampion posted at Saturday, March 12th, 2016, 06:44 PM:
(So Luxy didn't open the door for Skyblade? How is she out? )

Post #439:  Imogen posted at Saturday, March 12th, 2016, 07:32 PM:
Durrr... Hmm... No, I don't think she did. I kinda dropped that plot thread in jump-starting the story ^.^')


Sent from my iPhone using Tapatalk

Post #440:  Willow Skyrider posted at Saturday, March 12th, 2016, 07:57 PM:
(*slowclap*)

Sent from Little British Droid.

Post #441:  Rampion posted at Sunday, March 13th, 2016, 05:36 PM:
(So nothing happened with that, and Skyblade is still trapped. )

Post #442:  Imogen posted at Sunday, March 13th, 2016, 08:19 PM:
(Yup yup! Sorry for the confusion!)

Post #443:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, May 18th, 2016, 12:52 AM:
"I do have some minor concerns, though." Taik said, tapping his data-pad nervously. John's lips twitched into a frown and he laced his fingers together, resting his chin on top and his elbows on his knees. "The pressure in one of the nacelle components is a little off, but that could just be a fluctuation which will be resolved once the engine turns to hypermode. And there was an odd, though very minor power-surge earlier this morning."

Slowly, John nodded. So, they aren't ready either? He hated to admit it, but it was a bit of a relief: he didn't want to throw up on the helm mid-flight. He shifted uneasily in his seat, chewing his lower lip in thought.
"So you think if we launch then we'll be blowing up into teeny tiny bits?"

But Taik didn't seem too fussed. In a realistic way. "If we blew up, this ship wouldn't be so kind as to leave us any kind of bits behind, it would just vaporize us. But the engineers have everything under control and it'll be a smooth ride from here to... where ever it is that we're going."

John shuddered, but he knew the engineer was right--nothing would go wrong, nothing would happen. The very worst would be that he would have to turn the helm over to another pilot, if he became too ill to continue flying the ship. They were in good condition, they had a possible location on Commander Abby and Captain Reagent, and they would finally be leaving this wretched rock--and hopefully, his poisoner--behind.

Since nothing more had been heard of, and no further attempts had been made by any possible assassin, everyone did assume, at this point, that Skyblade Majora was the perp. John couldn't help but agree--his actions that night had been odd, to be sure. But then, why had he come to talk with me while I was sick? To ensure that he really had poisoned the wrong person? Seems a little odd.... He shook himself and looked up. Taik was still talking--something about Anti-Cure, and Gen, and activation. He shook himself and looked up, smiling at Taik, as if he had been listening the whole time.

"I don't know, as far as it seemed to me Anticure was back online. Maybe they met a complication and his data-streams with the ship are malfunctioning or something."

It took him a moment to figure out what Taik was talking about, but when he did, he frowned deeply.
"That's strange." John muttered, tilting his hands so that the backs of his knuckles pressed against his lips. "But if you think that we're up to specs with the flight-plans, then we just need our green-light, and off we go!" At least, I hope. Oh good glory, I sound much more optimistic when I'm actually talking.... Come on, John. You're the first officer at the moment--till Commander Abby appoints one, on her return. Start acting the part.

"Right," he said, turning back to the helm. "Is almost everyone aboard? We can launch as soon as we're all boarded." Everything seemed so loose and unregulated out here in deep space. He didn't like it, not one bit.

The pilot sat, watching out of the view dome, as people filed onto the Continuity, docked beside them. A number of the Fellaer youth were joining both crews as rebel fill-ins, for those who had been lost, and those who were being parceled between the skeleton crew of the Continuity, and the Outsider's own quite well-rounded group. The Hellcat, and other ships of the rebellion that had survived the attack, were taking on the majority of the new crew members. New crew members, under new captains--all new captains, in fact.

John sighed, closing his eyes and bending his head. He had been suppressing it thus far, but now it was really hitting him.

He missed Abby.

He missed her calm strength in the face of adversity. He missed how she could bolster even the weakest of crews, and how she could calm the storm that was the bridge, with just a word. He missed her, and he missed those others that had been lost. His heart tightened, and he pursed his lips, letting his head sink into his now folded arms. No one would think anything of it, he hoped. He wanted to mourn alone, if only for a moment.

It wasn't granted him.

"All Outsider, Continuity, Hellcat, Felicity, and Hammermill crew, report to boarding stations immediately. Repeat: this is your last call for boarding."

Anti-Cure didn't spare anything on formality.

Post #444:  Sunshine Girl posted at Wednesday, May 18th, 2016, 10:35 AM:
Hiya all, can I have some context on what your talkimg about. I'm feeling kimda lost..

Post #445:  Imogen posted at Wednesday, May 18th, 2016, 01:01 PM:
Yes yes! So am I, a little bit--it's been so long! I'll give you the readers digest version: The Outsider, a Raven Class, highly equipped exploration vessel with battle capabilities, is sent out to explore an electrical anomaly of extreme proportions. Inso doing, they are sucked into an electrical storm that catapults them across the galaxy, far out into Deep Space. They land in the middle of a battle between a pair of "Rebellion" and "Empire" powers, and, ship badly damaged, crash on a nearby planet. The occupants, Etals, being friendly, help them recover, and they stay with them for roughly six months till the supplies come in for them to patch up their ship and launch again. Almost as soon as they get back into space, they are attacked by a shipfull of "Negatives". The pilot, John, tries to warn the captain about the natures of these creatures, and insodoing reveals that he is actually a spy for the Zeranorian Parliament, bent on discovering as much as he could about the Negatives and their location. They are captured by the ship, and some are tortured for information. The Commander is brought before the emperor, Lurid, who has an evil plot monologue scene, and then sends her back. The pilot's memory is wiped by his brother, and a double agent who'd been working on the Outsider since their leaving the Etals planet. Then, without their knowledge, a copy of the Outsider's AI is downloaded to the Empire. Thinking that they are totally ruined, the Emperor lets them go.
Thus it is that they run into the companion thread: A Mission for Continuity.
The Continuity had been searching for the Outsider since their own expulsion into the same sector of space. The difference between the two was that the Continuity managed not to get shot down, when a Negative ship appeared to claim them. They escaped with their lives because a rebel troupe, led by one, Kae Fellaer. The rebels send the Negative ship packing, and the Continuity follows them back to their homeworld, where they then, after long deliberation, join the rebellion in order to find the Outsider.
Once reunited, the ships return to Rebellion central to try and figure out what comes next.
They decide to not decide, and go home (I think... can't quite remember) until crazy stuff starts happening: Link's controlled by Bade, the evil double agent dude, and destroys the rebel computer that shields the planet. He is captured and locked away with an older Empire sharpshooter, London, and a set of quadruplets with the ability to manipulate mind and memories. Link and the other five escape and John goes and finds them. They restore his memories, and then help Link figure out what happened. Before they can do much else, however, the Empire launches an attack on the rebel planet. Everyone is routed, and the Outsider, Continuity, and Kae's ship the Hellcat barely escape by the skin of their teeth. They flee with the remaining rebellion to Kae's peoples' planet, where the last of his people hide. There, they settle in to regroup, and count their losses. A number of ships had been lost, Link had been zapped into a coma, and the admirals of the rebellion and Captain Reagent Marroon of the Continuity, and Commander Abby of the Outsider, were all captured, and are being held by the Empire. While on the Fellaer colony, they discover that there is a traitor in their fleet, when someone attempts to poison the interim Commander of the Outsider, and instead ends up poisoning John. They capture Skyblade Majora, the Security officer on the Continuity, and lock him up for the crimes. Luxy, a nurse on board the Outsider, remains unconvinced, however, and is going on her own secret mission to find out who the actual perp is. She has had no success, Even up to the point of their relaunch, when John is mostly back on his feet. Meanwhile, Ckkela had managed to establish communications with Link, who is still in his coma. He downloaded the entire Rebel computer into his own head, and is currently condensing the data and trying to wake up. Commander Abby's tracker, somehow, has been activated, and now the ships, plus the Rebellion, are going out to find her and the other missing leaders.
What they don't know is, the Earthen Republic basically sold the Outsider and the Continuity out to the Negatives, as "tribute", so that they would not go in and destroy the entire Starforce alliance, and all planets and people involved.

This just about sums up the outsider in a paragraph: “Next is the Pizza Hut! Just kidding -- it’s a closet!” He [Link] made an expression of wonder and awe as they passed the unremarkable closet door. “Don’t be fooled by its simple looks -- many a closet has hidden surprising things!” This seemed to cause him some amusement neither of the two others understood.

K. I think thats just about it. I highly recommend reading through this thread and other attached threads, as there are so many things I have left out that I couldn't possibly add in, and particularly because this RPG is much more structured and rule driven than Impromptu. 

And, so saying, I shall go and make a post about my erstwhile characters, Excelsior and Reagent.)

Post #446:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, May 18th, 2016, 01:11 PM:
(Continuity and Outsider shall once again be splitting; The Continuity will be launching in the other thread.)

Post #447:  Autumn Lee posted at Wednesday, May 18th, 2016, 08:40 PM:
Dude. 1 more percent. 1 more freaking percent--AND IT'S NOT LOADING.

Link stared in horror at his retinal display. 99%. He couldn't even access a clock, so he had no idea how long it had actually been at 99%, but it felt like days. It didn't help that all his attempts to contact Ckkela again had only resulted in broken connections. The best message he'd been able to get to her was, have Computer in head, and he wasn't entirely sure she wouldn't just interpret that as him going mad and spouting things she already knew. Like, duh Link, I know you have a computer in your head.

He really wondered what was going on out in the real world. Were the lil Rusi kids alright? Where was he right now? Had anybody killed that Emperor jerk? Did Lee and John ever get around to getting together? And that Bade jerk--whatever happened to him?

Speaking of... Link still needed to make sure to get rid of that virus Bade has installed. It was probably safe to do that now. He would just grab the code, and delete it forev--

Data condensing at 100%. Process complete.
Rebooting systems. Please wait...
9%... 23%... 52%... 76%...

Link was probably going to scare the heck out of everyone nearby when he woke up. 'Cause he was going to wake up singing "Hallelujah!"

Post #448:  Sunshine Girl posted at Thursday, May 19th, 2016, 08:12 AM:
@Imogen, thanks for the info but I'm still lost. I'm. probably going to have to think through it later on...

Post #449:  Imogen posted at Thursday, May 19th, 2016, 04:01 PM:
(Right--as I said, the best thing to do would be to read through the thread and attached roster--it'll give you more than my explanations ever could XD)

"HA-LE-LU-YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAS!"

Luxy screamed and dropped the beaker that she had been holding, four of her hands going for the corresponding guns at her belt, while two more crossed her chest protectively. But the next moment, she stopped, her expression slipping from bared-fanged aggression, to raised eyebrow perplexity. Behind her, Trevor and Darius looked up as well, the one with wide eyes and the other with a bored expression that was slightly less apathetic than usual.

"What was that?!" Trevor exclaimed, looking at Luxy. His eyes widened with further confusion. She was grinning.

"Whaddya think? The prodigal kid returns."

- + -

She held him in her arms, her paws on his back, her cheek fur pressed into his face. He was alive.

"I've missed you, you great hunk of scrap," she whispered.

Oh yes. Yes she had.
Link was back.

Post #450:  Autumn Lee posted at Thursday, May 19th, 2016, 07:07 PM:
('Tis always shorter on my phone.)

Yukan walked quickly onto the bridge, Sensa close behind. He looked somewhat flushed, perhaps worried, but he let it fade in favor of a soft smile to the crew on the bridge. Sensa stiffly took her seat at the arms command.

"Officer Turner," Yukan queried, coming over to stand by the pilot. He glanced up through the viewport, where the other ships could be seen slowly pulling out into space. "Are we ready to go?"

-+-+-+-

Link took in a deep breath, grinning from ear to ear, arms wrapped around Ckkela just as tightly as hers were. "Do you always smell this nice, or did you spruce up for the occasion?" he teased. "But wait, you'd have to know the future to know I was waking up, so scratch that."

Link pulled back. Admittedly his systems weren't 100% rebooted. His nonrobotic eye was a little blurry, and his nonrobotic hand and arm felt weak. Basically his biological parts were still waking up. So he squinted his left eye shut to look at Ckkela.

"What's up, gorgeous?" Link gave Ckkela a kiss on the nose, then glanced around. "Hey! Where's my 'Welcome Back' party?!"

Sent from my SM-G360M using Tapatalk

Post #451:  Imogen posted at Friday, May 20th, 2016, 12:02 AM:
"Hey! Where's my 'Welcome Back' party?!"

Her eyes crinkled, and she pulled back, her paws still on his shoulders, her tail curled happily and ears pricked.

"Sorry, Link, no welcome back party yet. Buuuut," she pulled away and reached around, pulling out a wrapped package. She handed it to him. "One sandwich, as promised."

She barely had time to hand it over, before the doors to his suite flew open and Lee burst inside.

Post #452:  Autumn Lee posted at Friday, May 20th, 2016, 12:28 AM:
Link had to lift his hand high to avoid getting his sandwich squished flat by Lee as she wrapped her small yet surprisingly strong arms around him and squeezed him as though for dear life. "There's part of my Welcome Party!" Link laughed. "Now where are my other fangirls?"

Lee giggled into his shoulder. "You actually might have a few more," she said, but didn't explain. She pulled back, smiling and looking him over. "I'm glad you don't look like a zombie. I was a little worried you'd wake up really pale and sick. But you look alright! How do you feel?"

The spiky haired mechanic stretched experimentally, flexing an arm, then frowned. "Huh, I could sworn I had more muscle than that..." Then he blinked and shook his head, grinning at his two friends. "I feel a little tired, but otherwise I'm great!" Link glanced down at his sandwich, and his stomach gurgled audibly.

"Uh..." he stammered, practically drooling, "before I chow down, important matters! First!" He stuck one finger up. "I am no longer evil minion! Second!" A second finger popped up. "I managed to download the Rebel's Computer onto my own! That's why I was in a coma. Because there was a buttload of data. Third! What happened while I out? Fourth! I will eat this sandwich while you explain." With that, he tore the wrapping off and took an enormous bite out of the soft, multi-meat-and-veggie-layered sandwich.

"Um..." Lee glanced at Ckkela and blinked. Yep, Link was definitely back, with all his fast paced, surprising ways.
He had the Computer...?
Lee's eyes widened, and she stood up. "Ckkela, can you update him? I need to tell the others about this."

Link didn't even notice her leave. He was in Pure Food Heaven. His eyes fluttered closed and his movements grew slower, until he was simply reveling in the taste of the sandwich. He swallowed, then opened his eyes and grinned at Ckkela.

"Best. Sandwich. Ever."

Link stuffed another bite into his mouth and chewed as Ckkela gave him the grand update. The commanders kidnapped, John poisoned, and now they were off to rescue the good guys and maybe beat up the bad guys. He hadn't really missed out on that much, he decided.

Ckkela was in the middle of a sentence about the three Guerrans in the fleet when Link's eyes widened and he half-choked on his food.

"AntiCure!" he shouted when he could breathe, smacking his forehead and shaking his head with an incredulous laugh. "Yo! AntiCure, buddy, I need a favor!"

Brought to you by the fancy spacey phone

Post #453:  Autumn Lee posted at Friday, May 20th, 2016, 12:55 AM:
(Merely for bridging action. Pun not intended XD)

"John!"

The bridge crew looked up in surprise as Crewman Sylvir rushed in, out of breath. She paused, looking flushed. "And Captain!" she added.

Yukan blinked in surprise, glancing at John, who had immediately stood up, looking concerned at Lee's urgent manner. But she shook her head and smiled.
"Link's awake!" she panted. "And he has the data from the Rebel's Computer!"

Brought to you by the fancy spacey phone

Post #454:  Willow Skyrider posted at Friday, May 20th, 2016, 03:28 AM:
The medical room's speakers crackled with static for a moment, then the familiar tenor voice came through, loud and clear.

"It's good to hear your voice again, Link." The door opened and Link's eyes went wide with delight as AntiCure's hologram walked into the room and laid an artificial hand on his shoulder. "I'm relieved that you're fully awake and functional," He withdrew his arm and looked at the mechanic quizzically. "But I'm also curious why you called me down here?" The truth be told, it wasn't a long trip via the Outsider's nethcordes, and he wasn't leaving anything to hang as he spent this time in visiting his friend, but it was strange for Link to sound so... urgent.

"Well, you see ol' buddy, before I went totally lights-out I was condensing a version of the Rebel's computer into my head and I wanted to know if you could, oh, I dunno, get it out?" He grinned like he had just beaten a mouse to its cheese. "I bet there's a ton of stuff in there that we could use!" He snickered. "And it's kinda cramping my RAM speeds. So if you could help a friend out? Eh? Huh?"

Anticure laughed. He was without a doubt their lovable old Link alright.
"How much data are we talking about moving?"

"My personal computer reduced the size tremendously, weeelll, as much as you can reduce a whole mainframe's data into someone's head, which, while mine is certainly spacious, does have it's limits..."

"It would put considerable strain onto the Outsider's systems to transfer the information from your hard-drive, decompress it, and then, since this ship's computer was not designed for possessing that amount of information without possibly destructive side-effects, it would have to be broken up and carefully assimilated into our company's vessels' mainframes so that it could be read in its entirety. This would require an enormous amount of operating power, but I believe that these vessels could maintain it long enough to complete the process." He paused, carefully considering what it was that he was considering doing. "I'll speak with our company's AI's and see if we can orchestrate a procedure. You know that our own power-requirements are not to be trifled with, and now we hold the Rebel's database in our hands, trying to lay it out flat like a map while not one of our ships contains the required memory to do it on our own. Will it be worth it?"

Link's jovial face remained as such, but in his shining eyes was a gleam that betrayed the serious nature of the matters they were discussing. "From what little I could make out as it flowed into my head-- heck yes it's worth it!"

The hologram nodded. "Then I'll begin immediately." He turned away and the image faded into thin air, leaving Link alone with Lee and Ckkela once more.

---

"What do you want, Anticure?" The slithering "old-earth" Russian-accented voice that emanated from the vixen of a female-form in the non-existent conference-room dripped of past affairs the two had experienced. "And tell me that it does not involve more tail-tucking and running."

Anticure looked at her quizzically. "I'm not positive that I recall the affairs you mention, Zakira. But please don't interrupt. What I have to say is urgent and demands our unhindered attention." He paused, a subconscious action that now seemed to him out of place while speaking among other AI's. "A crew-member of the Outsider, Link Rukor had the good sense to download a copy of the Rebels' computer mainframe and has successfully condensed it into a format that can be stored inside of his own hard drive, though I would caution against that as a long-term solution.

"I considered the spatial requirements and operating power that would be necessary for the task of unpacking it and decided that by itself, the Outsider is tremendously lacking when it comes to unpackaging this data into a readable format. However, I calculated the operating powers of our vessels together," he looked at the several AI sitting around the unadorned conference table in the near-darkness, illuminated by the electrical currents and the blue-and-white colors surging around, delivering data all along the ships' connections.  "And I've decided that if it were to be rendered across all the ships' mainframes, like chapters inside of a novel, it would be possible for us not to lose this incredible amount of knowledge gathered by the Rebels. It would prove invaluable if we could access this information without having to access Rukor's knowledge banks. His technological systems are intermingled with his organic cerebral-system, so not only would his being the containment for this information be impossible, given the sheer size of it, our accessing it repeatedly would deal irreparable damage to him." Anticure noticed that he had the undivided attention of all present, a difficult feat for an AI to accomplish among other AI all minding their own vessels. "And I have already created a pocket within Outsider for it's share of this information to be held. It's accessibility as you will note, is granted to all Captains and AI's currently in this fleet." He breathed, not as a necessity, but in hopes that it would convey that he had still more to say, though he was beginning to feel long-winded. "In the case of an emergency, or one of our vessels being taken captive, this information would be undecipherable without the connection to all the other ships holding this information. Trying to read it without that connection would be like trying to recover a hard drive which had been smashed to oblivion."

"This plan meets contrived expectations held by Soro III." A stout looking AI said quite mechanically. "Access granted to Information pocket located within R.S.S Hammermill. Preparing to divert operating power to procedure on mark given by Anticure of the SS Outsider." His image disappeared as the information that it was comprised of returned to his ship.

Anticure nodded his thanks, then the AI of the Hellcat spoke up. "Acknowledged, Anticure. Prepared to divert operating power." And he disappeared as well, leaving Anticure, Zakira and Intrepator alone.

"I'll begin the necessary diversions on Continuity now," Intrepator said, and then after a few moments he nodded his head. "They are prepared." And he left the room. It was now Zakira's turn to decide if the plan would succeed or fail before it took flight.

"I suppose," she started, slowly rising from the table, her dark-blue short-sleeved military dress falling flat. "That it is left to me. If this information is as nearly as important as you claim, then I'm positive that my captain will most certainly be eager to read as much of it as she can." Her words waxed sultry as much as was possible for an artificial intelligence inside of a vessel designed for blood-thirsty war. "You should visit more often, the Felicity is always open to you." She smirked then returned to her own vessel, pondering how to best broach this topic with her captain.

"I think I'll stay where I know my systems won't get tampered with, thanks." Anticure said to the emptiness, considering how much he really didn't trust that AI to keep her inquisitive-to-the-point-of-subterfuge fingers to herself. He had gotten them to agree to his idea, and that was all that concerned him. Link would be, should be, preparing for the upload by now and then it was up to the Outsider's decoders to unravel the great information that he had gotten his slick fingers on. Anticure had to hand it to the ingenious Mechanic, he could pull off feats like none other. The AI almost felt a tinge of jealousy, if that had been an emotion he could feel, but instead there was only admiration for the successful procedure that Link Rukor had accomplished. Anticure closed the conference room by disconnecting from it and then returned to Link's medical room to see how much progress had been made, and if they could begin the transfer. It would require more downtime of him, but when he woke up this time he would be a lot lighter on the information side of things and wouldn't have to think about that package sitting in his head anymore.

Post #455:  Imogen posted at Friday, May 20th, 2016, 05:49 PM:
"John! --And captain!"

A familiar voice--Lee! But she was on the bridge, half an hour before takeoff! What was wrong?! He swiveled his chair around, and got quickly to his feet, ignoring the protestations of his insides, and strode across the bridge towards her. But once he came close enough to see properly, he saw that, to his relief, she was smiling.

"Link's awake!" Lee panted, and John's eyes widened. "And he has the data from the Rebels' Computer!"

John's anxiety melted away, and he grinned even wider. Forgetting for a moment how much taller than she he was he tried to embrace her and, in a flurry of confusion, almost fell over.

"Er, sorry! Sorry about that...."

But he still grinned. He hadn't seen her enough, he felt, since coming out of sickbay. Then again, he hadn't exactly been in the best condition since coming out of sickbay, either.

Then a thought struck him and his grin faded. "I--er--oh. Oh dear. I can't come see him--I have to launch the ship."

Post #456:  Autumn Lee posted at Friday, May 20th, 2016, 09:46 PM:
"I--er--oh. Oh dear. I can't come see him--I have to launch the ship."
Lee laughed and shook her head at him. "I know! But I had to let you know anyway." She turned to Yukan, blinking a little more seriously. "The Computer had a lot of important information, but it's all in Link's mind now, which is good and bad..."

Yukan nodded, his smile soft as usual. "I appreciate your telling us, Miss Sylvir. As soon as we have safely departed Officer Turner and I will meet with Mr. Rukor to discuss this. Tell him that we are glad to have him back."

The cook nodded. Then she glanced around, as though seeing the bridge and crew differently. And maybe she was. Link was alright, the commanders' locations had been found, and they had the Computer once again. She let a seed of hope blossom in her chest. Lee hugged John quickly. "I'll see you soon!" Then, as she turned to go, because she was feeling so joyous about everything, she added, "I love you!" It wasn't usual for her to go saying that in front of everyone.

Yukan watched her duck out quickly, following her with his one soft gray eye. There was a ghost of a smile on his lips, though this one seemed wistful.
"Life is not all bad, is it?" He commented quietly to John. Then he shook his head. "We should be departing."

Brought to you by the fancy spacey phone

Post #457:  Autumn Lee posted at Friday, May 20th, 2016, 10:36 PM:
"What?! No I'm not ready! I just woke up! And I haven't even finished my sandwich!" Link waved his half eaten meal in front of AntiCure's holographic face. "I don't want another coma, been there, done that, thanks." He took a big bite of the soft and crunchy sandwich, chewing slowly on purpose.

"The sooner we begin the process, the sooner our fleet gains a significant advantage over our enemies, and the sooner you can enjoy sandwiches uninterrupted," the AI replied patiently.

Link dropped his gaze to his sandwich, then up to Ckkela, and finally back to AntiCure. His expression grew deeper and more troubled. "How long will it take?" the mechanic asked.

"The entire process of integrating the Computer into our fleet will take from ten to fifteen hours." AntiCure paused. "The direct download from your computer will take only three or four hours, a not objectionable amount of time, I believe."

Link blinked, then suddenly grinned. "Ohhhh. Well, that's nothing! Pshaw, I'll do that! Just... Lemme finish my sandwich..."

Brought to you by the fancy spacey phone

Post #458:  Imogen posted at Friday, May 20th, 2016, 11:33 PM:
"The Computer had a lot of important information, but it's all in Link's mind now, which is good and bad..."

John frowned. Good and bad? He ran through the possibilities in his mind, which went from worst case scenario, brain dead Link, to best case scenario, Link with a couple minutes plugged into a computer.

"I appreciate your telling us, Miss Sylvir." Yukan said with a smile, calm as ever. "As soon as we have safely departed Officer Turner and I will meet with Mr. Rukor to discuss this. Tell him that we are glad to have him back."

Uhhh, why me? Oh wait--duh! I'm the First Officer... He could have slapped himself on the forehead, except that would have looked rather odd in public. He nodded at Yukan, and then smiled again at Lee, his eyes softening, his gentle face relaxing. She hugged him, then started away.

"See you later!" Then she paused a moment at the door, looked back, and grinned. "I love you!"

He was so taken by surprise that he couldn't find the words for a long moment.

"I love you too!" He called back, but she was already gone.

"Life is not all bad, is it?" Yukan asked. John looked around over his shoulder at his captain. The man was looking subtly at Sensa. The pilot couldn't help smiling slightly.

"No sir, it isn't bad at all."

"We should be departing." Yukan replied after a moment. John nodded and walked over to his seat, pointedly ignoring his stomach's uneasy rumbling. He'd deal with that later.

Reaching out, he pulled the com. towards him, and tapped it slightly.

"Outsider to Continuity. Come in, Jackson."

"Readin' ya loud and clear, Turner. All crew are boarded. Ready to launch at your mark."

John pulled away and flicked a line of switches, turned a knob, and began plugging in a trio of cords. Then he took the helm and turned it first one way, then the other. Nodding in satisfaction, he reached out again and flicked a switch. Beneath his feet, engineering came to life.

"Ready," he said into the com. "And... Mark."

He pressed the accelerator button, and gripped the helm, swallowing hard as he felt the planet's gravity create a drag on the ship. At least they weren't in zero-G, he thought. Then he'd be in real trouble.
He guided the ship through the mines, murmuring repeatedly at each twisting turn to please don't barf on the helm, please don't barf on the helm, please don't barf on the helm....

And then they were into open space, and the gravity began to lessen. The Continuity and the rebel ships emerged behind him, and he breathed a sigh of relief, which he immediately quelled with a hand to his mouth. Closing his eyes and shaking his head, John rose from the helm. "Captain--permission to report to sickbay?"

Yukan took one look at him and nodded quickly. John smiled thinly back at him, then hurried from the bridge. At least this way, he'd get to welcome Link back sooner....

Post #459:  Autumn Lee posted at Saturday, May 21st, 2016, 09:00 PM:
((Collab by Lee and Imogen))

Lee smiled to herself from where she stood in the doorway of the medbay, watching Link argue with AntiCure. Something about the sandwich he was eating... Of course he'd be worried about food, Lee laughed silently. It was a wonder it stayed intact, the way he was waving it about.
She was reluctant to go in, though, she could see the way Ckkela's ear were perked expectantly and the way her body was tensed, as though she was barely keeping herself from engulfing Link in another hug. Link was glancing at her, too, a big smile on his face.

I'm glad Link found someone like Ckkela. He needs something steady in his life.

She heard footsteps approaching from behind, and turned around. John was walking quickly towards the med-bay. His eyes brightened when he saw her, but she noticed he looked kind of pale and unwell. "Hi, Lee," he said quietly, stopping by the door to the med-bay and leaning semi-casually against the doorframe, glancing inside. "Er... is this a bad time...?"

"I'm pretty sure he won't throw his sandwich at us if we go in," Lee smiled. She blinked and looked back down the hall. "Is Yukan--Captain Orbas coming?" Despite how long she had been on the Outsider, calling others by first name still felt more natural.

John grinned and shrugged. "Uhhh, I wouldn't count on that," he said, tracking Link's sandwich with his eyes as it flew around the room, barely affixed to his hand. John looked back over his shoulder and shook his head. "Not yet... He's still directing the ship into formation." John shrugged, and looked back at Lee. "I came down sooner cause I wanted to see Link, and," he smirked thinly, "I don't feel so good, again."
He nodded. "He should be on his way soon, though."

"Oh, well, we can sit down, then," Lee said quickly, gesturing for John to follow her into the medbay. Link caught a glimpse of them from his spot at the back, and waved at them wildly.

"John, my man!" he called. "Why you just standing there?! Get over here and join my party!"

John's eyes widened and a grin split across his pale face. He pushed off of the wall, following Lee into the med-bay, towards the bed upon which she had seated herself, right next to Link. He sighed with relief, sitting next to Link. Then he flopped sideways, bumping his shoulder against Link's metal one. "There--not just standing there. You're alive, then? I'm glad that's finally working out for you, eh!" He turned his head, beaming at his friend. On the other side, Lee looked overjoyed.    "John! Lee! Don't crowd him! Where's Yukan?" Ckkela asked, emerging from her office, a heavenly smelling paper bag in her paws. She frowned and squinted at John, curling her tail slightly suspiciously. "What are you doing here?"

Lee bit her lip a little nervously at Ckkela's tone when she spoke to John. "He's actually here checking on Link before Yukan gets here," she explained.
Link put his arms around his friends' shoulders, pulling them closer next to him in an awkward hug. "Aw, my Welcome Party isn't compete without John, my best man! And of course my ever loyal fan Lee!"
"I'm not your fan," Lee laughed.

The mechanic blinked at her. "Oh? I didn't realize your feelings for me had become something more! You shoulda told me before I got committed!"
"Oh, come on, Link," she replied, still smiling, "you've always known how I felt about you."
"Well, yeah, I mean, all the girls fall for me, I was just starting to think you were immune to my charm."
Lee just laughed and rolled her eyes.

John stared at them with increasingly wide eyes, and ever higher rising eyebrows. He made a face of complete and utter confusion, and leaned forward, both elbows resting on his knees. "All right. Now I am going to throw up. Aren't you two, cousins?"  Ckkela's ears slicked back, and she stepped closer to Link, staring hard at Lee. Seeing this, John reached out and took ahold of her sleeve. "Ah-uh, Ckkela, I'm sure they're just joking." He looked up, slightly concerned. "You are, aren't you?"

"Joking?" Link echoed in a slightly bewildered tone. He was looking confused, too. "About what?"
Suddenly Lee burst out laughing. The others stared at her in shock as her face turned red, eyes scrunching shut, and she laughed out loud, hugging her stomach.
"Oh--! I forgot!" she snorted between laughs. Lee looked up at John and Ckkela, eyes shining. "We're not actually cousins."

John blinked, and he and Ckkela exchanged a long glance, then looked back. "Um... What?" John asked, slightly absently. Ckkela frowned. "I'm very  concerned about this fact--aside from feeling threatened, you two are registered as cousins in the database. I suppose there's a good explanation?"

"We are? Oh, I never fixed that... Woops!" Link chuckled, looking a little uncomfortable. "She's my honorary cousin."
"Link 'adopted' me when we were little," Lee explained. "Our parents were really good friends, and we practically lived at each other's houses. He thought saying 'best friends' was too girly or something, so we just went by 'cousins'." Her smile turned apologetic. "It's just what we've gone by so long, I forgot to even mention that we're not blood related."
"Yeah, I'm gonna go fix that in the database, before we get kicked out or something..." Link laughed nervously.

"Yes, do that," Ckkela said, blinking at him. John stretched, then winced, and relaxed back, still staring at Lee. He frowned slightly. "I don't know all that much about your past, miss Sylvir," he said with a slight frown. The frown deepened, but there was a playfulness in his eyes as well. "And I still feel quite threatened by Link, there."

"Nah, don't be, bud," Link said easily, though he was still regarding Ckkela with some caution. "I got friend zoned a long, long time ago."
"And look at the great girl you got instead," Lee replied. She waved at Ckkela in an entreating way. "Sorry, I didn't mean to... I didn't even think about it twice."

Brought to you by the fancy spacey phone

Post #460:  Imogen posted at Sunday, May 22nd, 2016, 08:45 PM:
"Sorry, I didn't mean to... I didn't even think about it twice."

Ckkela waved a paw, a more relaxed expression crossing her doggy face.
"No, it's fine," she said, waving her tail. "I understand."

John grinned and shook his head. He never would feel properly threatened by Link. Not really. He knew he loved Lee, and unless she was secretly an incredible liar, he was pretty sure that she loved him back. His pocket buzzed, and he twisted around, pulling his communicator out. He flipped it open and squinted down at the little screen. His face brightened.

"We're safely en route. Captain Orbas is on his way down."

Post #461:  Imogen posted at Sunday, May 22nd, 2016, 08:45 PM:
(IM SORRY IT'S SO SHORT T.T)

Post #462:  Autumn Lee posted at Sunday, May 22nd, 2016, 09:09 PM:
"That is impressive," Yukan stated, eye wide and eyebrows up, after Link and AntiCure had updated him on everything from Bade's mind control to Link saving the Computer. He glanced to his side as though to speak to Sensa, but she had not accompanied him down, and he faltered for a moment. The Guerran recovered, brushing his long hair from his good eye and smiling at Link. "I am relieved that we no longer have to place you under arrest. It might be necessary to run some tests to make sure, however. We can't risk any more... episodes."

Link grimaced. "Yeah, I'm hoping to leave those days behind." The mechanic looked up at AntiCure. "Trust me enough to stick your noggin inside my noggin and check that it's all okey-dokey?"

Lee and Ckkela had gone off a few paces to let the officers talk. Yukan turned to them now, gesturing to John as well.
"I have a proposition," he said softly, "but I wished to know what you think before I announce it to the rest of the crew."
Lee blinked in surprise, but maybe she shouldn't have been. Yukan had always been one to 'mingle', so to speak, with every crew member in every department and of every rank.

When no one voices any protests, Yukan cleared his throat. "I wish to prepare the crew for whatever lies ahead. I worry that there will be more violence, and most of us are not trained for such situations." Again he glanced to his side, and there was a reluctance in his voice when he spoke again. "I propose to train the crew, while we have time, in basic fighting tactics."

Brought to you by the fancy spacey phone

Post #463:  Imogen posted at Sunday, May 22nd, 2016, 10:24 PM:
John grinned, listening to Anti-Cure and Link. Good luck, Anti-Cure, he thought I'll be glad to not go into Link's head again. At least--hopefully--not for a long, long time. He frowned, remembering the defense mechanisms. That had been serious stuff. He knew, of course, it was for protection, and had he any mechanical organs, he would do the same--however, why had the defense worked on him, and not on Bade...?

Electrical interference, stupid. He thought to himself, then frowned. But my energy shouldn't have been that must of a problem. Unless... 

But his thought train was interrupted by Yukan's soft voice.

"I have a proposition, but I wished to know what you think before I announce it to the rest of the crew."

John blinked in surprise. He caught a similar expression on Lee's face, and frowned. What could this be? He slid off of the cot, feeling noticeably better than before, to his great relief. It came and went. Stupid poison. 
He followed the others to the corner, and put on his thoughtful face, listening to Yukan. The captain looked concentrated, bordering on concerned.

"I wish to prepare the crew for whatever lies ahead." he said, looking around. "I worry that there will be more violence, and most of us are not trained for such situations. I propose to train the crew, while we have time, in basic fighting tactics."

John blinked in surprise. Well, this was certainly not what he had been expecting. However, shooting a sidelong glance at Lee, he found himself agreeing with his interim captain wholeheartedly. No one should suffer needlessly, and there were some--himself included, who needed more skill set honing. He had been trained with the Zeranorian Agency, everyone knew that now, and of course they had trained him, yes. But they had trained him to fight other Zeranorians, and a limited number of other species--at the point of his training their communications with outside worlds had been limited to Phaelans, whose size and strength advantage the Zeranorians could overcome with the electricity weakness that most Phaelans suffered from--as did humans, for that matter. Facing foreign races, in hand to hand combat, perhaps deprived of electricity--he could use all the help he could get.

"I'm with you, all the way, Cap'n," he said, stepping forward. "I'd rather not see anymore of my friends injured, eh?"

Post #464:  Missymoo posted at Monday, May 23rd, 2016, 06:21 AM:
rtrfgsd

Post #465:  Imogen posted at Monday, May 23rd, 2016, 08:12 AM:
Indeed.

Post #466:  Autumn Lee posted at Monday, May 23rd, 2016, 07:37 PM:
(I need to use Yukan's POV more...)

Yukan was relieved when John spoke, eye brightening. "Yes, exactly. If at all possible, I wish to avoid any casualties during this next encounter."

"I think it's a good idea, too," Lee offered, fiddling with her sleeve somewhat nervously. "I know I could've used it once or twice before now." The thought of combat made her shuffle her feet. She had attacked someone once, the Negative who had pulled her and John into interrogation when Aronan had captured the Outsider. The cook glanced at her hands, as though the marks of the chain that had cut off his breath were still grooved into her palms. Lee dropped her hands.

"Ckkela?" Yukan prompted the medic.

The K-Nire also nodded in agreement. "Just as long as you don't send anyone down to sick bay." Her tone was light.

"I will do my best," Yukan smiled, bowing his head to her respectfully. She did always seem to have a lot to do, and a few extra injured crewmen was not what she needed right now.

The Xeo-Guerran glanced back over to look at Link and AntiCure. The mechanic was certainly a strange person, but it seemed that his heart was good, despite the things that he had done. Yukan knew the struggle of reconciling oneself to murder--accidental, but still murder--and he wondered how Link had gotten through it so well. There were nights that Yukan still had nightmares.

They'd gotten worse the past few weeks.

"Then," Yukan said, turning back to the others, "I will announce this to the crew. It won't be mandatory, but I hope those who can, will attend." He bowed to them and departed.

Lee watched him for a moment, then glanced at John. "Is it just me, or does he seem... sad?"

Brought to you by the fancy spacey phone

Post #467:  Willow Skyrider posted at Monday, May 23rd, 2016, 09:29 PM:
Link took the last bite of his sandwich and swallowed slowly.

"Okay Anticure. Let's get this information out of my head, huh?" He smirked, then whispered, "I have a date I need to get to." He hopped onto the examination table and laid down, putting his head at the edge of the table where the complex tangle of wires hung loose but at the same time were all tied into one single output male-wire which matched the female-end inside of Link's head. Link had told Anticure that he would have preferred to do the transfer wirelessly through his com-system, but Anticure worried about what would happen if they lost connection for even a moment so Link agreed that his permanent cable-port would be the most possible for success.

"Okay Ckkela," Anticure said loudly, retracting her attention from her current conversation as his hologram moved towards the head of the table. The K-Nire's ears flicked up and saw Link laying on the table as Anticure stood next to him looking at her. "I believe we're ready to begin." Anticure said. Her attention was definitely acquired as she excused herself from the conversation at hand and ran over to the table, asking, "What do you need?"

"Given the situational-predicaments of myself only being "physically" present as a hologram and Link as the patient, there seems to be a shortage of able hands." Anticure said, a note of humor in his tone. "I require this cable," he indicated the single cord dangling from the tangle of wires. "To be inserted into Link's cranium, here." Putting his illusory finger over the piece of synthetic material covering Link's data-port. "Our systems are primed and we're ready to begin downloading the information to the ship's computers. As we discussed, his part of the procedure should not last longer than four to five hours, then Link will return to consciousness and all that will then remain is for us to divide the information amongst the fleet."

He took a step backwards, and then motioned with his arm towards the cable. "As you're ready, medical-officer Ckkela."

Post #468:  Imogen posted at Sunday, May 29th, 2016, 02:13 AM:
"As you're ready, medical-officer Ckkela."

Ckkela, who had been standing tensed this whole time, one ear cocked in Anti-Cure and Link’s direction, jumped and hurried over, leaving Lee, John, and Yukan to discuss the training. She stopped by Link’s cot, looked down, and couldn’t help but shudder. She didn’t understand most machines--unless they had something to do with the body--and she didn’t like them in people. 

This was a combo of both.

“Don’t worry,” Link said with a grin, but she couldn’t look at it directly. She swatted away his probing paw, and began inputting data into the computer.

“Ok, we should be good,” she said finally. She almost didn't want to. He’d have to go under again… but that was worth it, she reminded herself, compared to the mental deterioration that would happen otherwise.

She looked down at his face and smiled--though it was rather worried.
“Sleep tight, Link,” she said softly, and pressed the button.

- + -

"Then," Yukan said, looking back at John and Lee, "I will announce this to the crew. It won't be mandatory, but I hope those who can, will attend." He bowed to them, then quickly turned and walked away. John watched, his brow knitted, as the doors closed behind him.

"Is it just me, or does he seem... sad?"

The Pilot glanced around--Lee was looking at him. She nodded to the doors. “Yukan. He seems sad,” she said again, in response to his vacant expression.

John frowned, and looked back at the door. “Huh… yeah, you’re right. He did. I wonder…”

“Wonder what?”

“If perhaps… well, I haven’t seen him and Sensa together that much. A little odd, don’t you think? And he looks just about as exhausted as I generally do.” John grinned, cocking his head to one side and pointing to his own face, playfully.

Lee returned the smile, but hers was more thoughtful. “You both have a lot to do. Neither of you chose to lead, but we couldn't have better people leading us right now. He's always so thoughtful for others.” She blinked up at John, an idea coming to her. “Why don't you talk to him? You're the closest thing he has to a friend other than Sensa, and like you said, they seem distant right now.”

John nodded, and his grin widened. “Great minds think alike! I was going to mention, I might drop by later. You think it would be a good idea?” he added, frowning slightly. “I mean, he is the captain….”

“Captains have feelings, too,” Lee replied. “And I don't think he's going to ask anyone for help--he always offers help, but never asks for it.” The girl patted John on the arm gently. “I'm sure he'll open up to you. Just be your usual friendly self!”

John grinned sheepishly and rubbed the back of his neck. “Point taken.”

They both glanced up when the overhead speakers clicked on, and Yukan's soft but steady voice came through.

“This is your Captain speaking. Our estimated arrival is in five hours. During this time, I am encouraging all available crew to attend a physical training and self defense session, led by myself and arms officer Tarran. This session will be held in the training room. Again, I encourage all available crew to attend. Thank you.” The speakers clicked off.

John glanced at Lee, then nodded. “Guess that’s my cue. I’ll see you later.” He hopped down from the cot, leaned over and kissed her on the forehead. Then he smiled and walked towards the exit of the med-bay. His eyes caught on Link as he passed. His friend was totally out, it seemed, and Ckkela was either still mad at him (John, not Link), or didn’t notice him walk by--because she ignored him entirely. He shrugged and walked on, waving to Anti-Cure as he passed. He saw Luxy before leaving, and she tried--very hard--to catch his eye. He avoided it. He didn’t want to think about the poison any more than he had to--the very thought made him want to hurl. And every time he saw her, the nurse launched into a series of endless questions. It was as if she wanted to be a crime scene investigator, instead. Might have been worth it, too.

John shook his head, exiting the med-bay and walking down the hall, past the infamous closet, inside of which, Link had hidden as they crashed, that first, fateful day. A smile tugged at his mouth, and he hurried on to the elevator.

Exiting into the corridor where Yukan lived, John noted that it was especially quiet. Ckkela had removed the security detail as soon as Skyblade had been captured, and now the hall seemed totally deserted. He stopped at Yukan’s door, hesitantly knocked, and then waited for a post--cough, cough. Response.

Post #469:  Autumn Lee posted at Sunday, May 29th, 2016, 09:03 AM:
(Real subtle there XD)

Brought to you by the fancy spacey phone

Post #470:  Autumn Lee posted at Sunday, May 29th, 2016, 04:59 PM:
((XD oh, the short posts have returned))

Yukan looked up at the hesitant knock on his door. It wasn't Sensa, he could tell--her knock was always firm and loud. The captain did the last button on his shirt, having changed from his more official uniform to a lighter combat outfit, then brushed his hair from his eye and pressed the button to open the door. He blinked in mild surprise to see John standing there. The pilot looked substantially better than before, but there were dark rings under his eyes from lack of sleep. Yukan could sympathize.

"Hello, John," Yukan said with some curiosity. "I was just about to leave for the training room. What can I help you with?"

-+-+-+-

Physical systems entering temporary stasis.
Connection to external system 'Outsider AI--AntiCure' secure.
Initiate data transfer_?

Might as well! The sooner, the better, and then he could go back to eating sandwiches, teasing everyone on the crew, hanging out with Ckkela, Lee, and John, and maybe even get in on some action with these Rebels against the Empire.

Initiate transfer to AntiCure.
Also allow access for communication and music library.

Yo, AntiCure, what kind of music do you like to listen to?

Post #471:  Willow Skyrider posted at Sunday, May 29th, 2016, 05:20 PM:
"The sound of the engines and the noise of the ship's systems are enough for me."Anticure replied. "However, there is quite the considerable collection of music stored on file for your, and the crew's, enjoyment."

The AI moved past John on his way back to the bridge, noticing the pilot's friendly gesture he lifted his hand and then looked at it, inquisitive. He had never really been on an interaction-based platform before, he was always behind the scenes and ensured that all systems were functional. There had never been a need for "physical contact" with a crew before. The Outsider was an unusual circumstance when it came to crew connections, especially with the AI.

"There are several 'electronica' groups which I believe may interest you, Link." Anticure continued, as the large doors opened into the bridge. "I would suggest you listen to 'Daftpunk' or 'Capital Kings' as my records indicate they were both very popular in the genre, while they were still active."

"Thanks Pal."

Sent from Little British Droid.

Post #472:  Imogen posted at Sunday, May 29th, 2016, 11:00 PM:
"Hello, John," Yukan said curiously, cocking his head to one side and looking up at the pilot. "I was just about to leave for the training room. What can I help you with?"

John rubbed the back of his neck sheepishly, and shook his head. "No, er, I was just wondering if we could talk... for a moment?"

Wow. I could not make this more awkward, could I?

- + -

Gen lounged in the mess hall, staring out of the window. Five hours? So darn long. She wanted some action, darn it.

- + -

And Luxy was angry. She glanced at Darius and the patient, then turned and stalked away, crossing her arms. Hmm.

"I'll be back later," she said absently, and walked to the door.

The trip to the brig was a short one. Thankfully, when she arrived, the guard wasn't there. Good. That would make this easier. She walked up to Skyblade's cell, and stood about five feet back, all arms crossed.

"Ok. Talk to me--and no more of your tricks, this time."

Post #473:  Autumn Lee posted at Tuesday, May 31st, 2016, 11:52 PM:
“Er, I was just wondering if we could talk… for a moment?”


The query was innocent enough, but the way John rubbed his neck uncomfortably gave Yukan pause. It was not often that someone sought the Guerran out for conversation. And the fact that John had come to Yukan's private quarters was curious as well.

Yukan dipped his head. He would find out soon enough what was on the pilot's mind. “Of course. Would you like to sit down?”


John smiled and dipped his head, following his captain over to the couch. He sank onto the cushions, tucking his legs up. For possibly the hundredth time, he inwardly chuckled at the fact that these seats were definitely not designed with Zeranorians in mind. Yukan was looking at him, so he straightened his back and cleared his throat.

“Ah, it’s, I wanted to ask if everything was all right--between you and Sensa, I mean.” Immediately after the words left his mouth, he wished he hadn’t spoken. That could definitely have been better phrased. “I mean--Lee and I had noticed, you seemed tired and, sad, I guess. I want to offer, as a friend, an open ear, if I can help in any way.”


His words were met with silence. Yukan kept his gaze on John, but his expression was queer--confused, mostly, but something like a mix of happiness and sadness swirled in his gray eye. He absently moved his hand down to his hip, where his sword hilt would normally have been for him to fiddle with.

Yukan had been prepared to offer his ear and advice to John. He'd assumed the pilot had a problem he needed help with. Not the other way around.


The Guerran dropped his gaze, and shook his head gently. “I was not expecting anyone to take notice or to care,” he said softly. “I would be lying if I said that all is well, and your concern unfounded. However, as much as I appreciate your offer of help, I'm not sure that there's much you could do.”


John shrugged, resting his elbows on his knees and his chin on the back of his hands. “I can listen. And who knows--maybe there is something I could do. I could certainly talk to Sensa….”

Yeah. That was a terrifying thought.


“I wouldn't burden you with that task,” Yukan replied, smile a little wry. “Sensa Tarran keeps herself and her thoughts locked tightly away in a chest of barbs. Even I can't reach her sometimes, though we have known each other so long.” The Guerran sighed, pulling out his desk chair and sitting on it, brushing his white hair from his face. “I suppose that is part of the problem. She is my closest friend, but sometimes she simply will not speak to me on certain things. I may have pressed one of those topics too hard, and now she has distanced herself from me…”


John frowned, leaning forward. “How do you mean?” Certain topics…? Like Guerra, perhaps?


“I was discussing the possibility of my death at any near point in time, and how she should proceed in the case of that event occurring. We were raised in a surrounding of death and murder, yet she has always avoided the topic in relation to either of us.”


John blinked. Huh… “Sir, I understand that our situation is grave, and Sensa should know this--but why your death in particular?”


The Guerran's one eye darkened, and he was a moment in gathering his thoughts. “Since I joined the Outsider, I have had two threats made on my life. One you were unfortunate enough to get in my stead. The other remains a threat even now, a piece of our past come to haunt us.” Yukan brushed his hair to the side and then rested his hand over his mouth, letting out a long sigh.  “Of the two of us, it is more likely that I will die before Sensa. She refuses to acknowledge this. I wish she understood that I am never bringing it up to hurt her, but to prepare her. I have no plans to abandon her at any point in time, but life is too unpredictable to promise her anything.”


The pilot sat, his eyes fixed on his shoes, apparently deep in thought. Slowly he nodded. “I understand. I am in a similar situation with my sister. She and I rely very deeply on one another, and if something were to happen to one of us… well…” He shook his head. “I shudder to think. I would be ruined. She….” he trailed off, and looked up at Yukan. “The fact is, without my sister, I’m not whole. She helps me to get through any struggle--even if her methods are… unorthodox. Sensa reminds me a lot of Gen--and no offense intended. I… sometimes I have to make Gen listen to me--corner her and talk things out. Other times…” he half-smiled, “she just needs reassurance.” He paused, then his brow furrowed. “Cap’n, you mentioned a second threat.”


Yukan nodded very slowly, his gaze becoming unfocused, and he leaned back in his chair. “You may have noticed that the Continuity's current captain is Guerran?”


John nodded curiously. “I was wondering about that--I thought that you were the only two.”


“I too had long believed that Sensa and I were the only survivors after Guerra was destroyed. However, that is obviously not the case.” Yukan sighed, and his face was suddenly tired. “Sensa and I were the leaders of a resistance group on Guerra. We were winning, slowly, and the governments united against us. We heard rumors of a project they initiated called the Excelsior Project. They were designing soldiers that had the psi-powers of both Lume- and Xeo-Guerrans, soldiers that could best our rebel forces. We had hoped that project perished with Guerra. When we met Kuna Kuda, it was clear that she intended to carry out the mission she had been created for--kill Sensa and me. I believe Captain Marroon and Commander Gonzalez talked her into holding off on that, but I do not know how long she will find it necessary to follow those orders.”


John just stared at him. “But… But captain Marroon and Commander Gonzalez are gone… why hasn't she tried anything yet?”


“She stated that it was necessary to cooperate with us so that the Outsider and Continuity can accomplish their missions.” Yukan unbuttoned the top of his shirt, never one to care much about his appearance. It was one of his quirks--he wasn’t sloppy, per se, but his hair was always slightly too long, his shirt never buttoned fully or tucked in, and if he wore a tie it was always loose. He brushed his hair from his eye, looking briefly uncomfortable. “However, I have been harboring the hope that she is flawed like we are… Like I am.” Yukan cleared his throat. “I believe it is that fact alone that has kept her from killing us.”


“I sure hope you're right,” John said carefully, thinking about the purple eyed captain. She was fierce, certainly, emotionless, seemingly, and deadly--quite possibly. Especially without her captain to draw the moral line. John shook his head. Well then. He'd just have to see what he could do about changing the new captain’s mind, should the moment arise. He stood and dipped his head, crossing his arms in front of his chest, hands splayed (the Zeranorian sign of respect--hands splayed denotes defencelessness [in their case, inability to conjure electricity] in the presence of a superior).


“If there is anything, anything at all that I can do to help, I will--as your pilot and friend.”


Yukan stared at him warmly, smiling in his soft way, wordless for a moment in his surprise and gratitude. So this was what a friend was--someone who worried when you were sad, who sat with you at lunch, who always wanted to help in some way. Yukan realized it now. He truly did have friends--John and Lee and Ckkela and Sensa.


Except… With Sensa, it was different. Something was different that Yukan could not quite pick out.


“Thank you, John,” he told the pilot sincerely. He hesitated a moment, then let out a breath. “If you could help me with a… a question on a somewhat delicate topic…?”


John nodded. “Of course.”


Yukan cleared his throat, shifting in his chair and dropping his gaze. “I… Sensa…” John had never seen Yukan look so completely uncertain before. He'd certainly never seen him embarrassed. “Guerrans are not designed for emotions,” Yukan explained. “So it is difficult for me to understand the feelings of others, and often my own feelings are foreign to me. But I believe I…” He looked up at John, a swirl of conflict his gray eye. “How I am supposed to know if I am in love?”


“In love…?” The pilot leaned forward, linking his fingers together in thought. “Well, I don't know if I am particularly the right person to ask. I think… if Sensa is a person you could spend the rest of your life with, and you could see yourself doing so, through thick and thin, then yes. Yes, I believe you are, in love.”


The doubt in Yukan's face faded, replaced with a smile; not one of his small, soft ones, but a full smile that reached his eyes, full of relief and joy. The tension that had been building up in his shoulders released, and he sighed calmly.

So it was true. After wondering, doubting, hoping, fearing… It was good to know at last.

“I simply could not go back to a life without her,” Yukan stated. He stood and bowed his head to John. “Thank you. You do not know what a relief it is to finally identify this emotion.” Yukan looked up and smiled again. “I believe we have a training session to attend? Sensa will be teaching, and I think it is time to clear some things up. ”


Rising from his folded position, the pilot nodded and grinned, following his captain. Time to face a brave new world.

Brought to you by the fancy spacey phone

Post #474:  Imogen posted at Tuesday, August 23rd, 2016, 03:32 AM:
(Edit... yeah... this post sucks... I'm sorry, guys....)

That brave new world happened to amount to having Gen's extremely unpadded fist making sudden acquaintance with his nose--which made an ominous snapping noise.

John staggered back, his eyes welling up.
"Ow, ow, ow..."
He backed away from her until his back was up against the wall of the repurposed cargo bay (now training room), and stood there for a moment, trying to ignore the fact that she was still staring at him, and that there was a frighteningly smug smirk on her face. He squinted painfully at her and raised a hand to gently probe the injury.

"Negs tibe," he said, moaning at his nose's increased crookedness. "Plead try nod to actually harb me, OK?"

Gen snickered, then, without any further explanation, turned and walked away to where Kkeut was shadow boxing. Probably to attack him instead. Good luck and good riddance. Maybe they'd nock one another out.

He squeezed his eyes shut and shook his head, then winced. Delvin gave a cry of victory, and, opening his eyes again, John glanced his way. The Engineer had almost knocked poor Miri's head in with one of his repair wrenches. Aside from his own bodily harm, (and Miri's nearly broken skull), the training session was going quite well. John spied Lee and Anticure (who, despite his real lack of any need for training whatsoever, was still in the room) standing on the other side of the cargo bay, watching the proceedings. Still fussing over his nose, John went over to them.

"Hey guys," he said, "no traidig yed? I dun blame you, honedly."

Post #475:  Imogen posted at Friday, January 13th, 2017, 04:18 AM:
“Hey guys,” John said, walking over to Lee and AntiCure, holding his nose. “No traidig yed? I dun blame you, honedly.”

Lee's eyes widened. “Oh no! You hurt your nose again…” She moved John's thin hands away to look at it carefully. “Well, it doesn't seem more broken…” She smiled at him wryly. “Don't worry; you still look handsome to me.”
Then she looked past him at the others training, a little nervously. “I guess I should join in the training. Do you think Gen would take it easy on me if I spar with her?”

John chuckled, squeezing the bridge of his nose. “I dun know… She mebbie a bit… pent ub. If you know whad I mead.” He raised his eyes significantly and glanced over to his sister--unfortunately, failing to make “what he meant” any more clear.

“Already down for the count?” Both Lee and John startled slightly at Sensa’s sharp voice. Her sleeves were rolled up (though she still wore that ever-present coat of hers) and her hands, though empty, were flexing as though she were ready to punch something--or someone. “You will not last long in a real fight if you give up now.”

John turned around and squared his shoulders. “Neber said I was givig ub!” He said, releasing his nose and fixing his glasses, offering Sensa a slightly cheeky grin. “Just sizing up the options.”

Her red eyes narrowed slightly, as though gauging how serious he was; then she nodded. “Let’s spar, then, Turner.”

His eyes widened and his hands moved reflexively up in front of him. He cast a wild glance back at Lee that screamed ‘how did this happen’, and, finding no aid there, turned back to Sensa, hesitantly resuming his former mantle of self assurity.

“Ok,” he replied slowly, assuming a defensive stance. He formed his long fingered hands into fists and raised them to eye level, licked his lips, and began shifting from foot to foot. “Right,” he said, as if trying to convince himself that this was in any way a good idea. “Sparring. Yeah.”

The Guerran spared no time in commencing her attack. She dropped to the floor as though to sweep John’s legs out from under him, and he, in an effort to avoid this, lowered his arms for balance. Quick as lightning, Sensa shot up, her fist meeting John’s undefended chin. He stumbled back from the blow. Sensa’s other hand grabbed the front of his shirt and, using his imbalance, threw him down on his back. Lee gave a cry at the horrible thud John’s body gave as he hit the floor. She was actually surprised he was still conscious from that fall.

Sensa stared down at the Zeranorian, still with her fingers gripping his shirt. “Giving up yet?”

He gave a hoarse wheeze, and stared wildly up at her, his glasses horribly askew and his gentle black eyes wide. He coughed and sat up--or tried to, what with Sensa gripping the front of his shirt. Some of the reluctance had, however, seemingly melted away, and a certain spark flared behind his eyes.

“Not (huff) giving (wheeze) up…” He said breathlessly. But his voice was more determined, and there was a hard squint to his eyes.

Sensa smirked. “Good answer, Turner.” She let go of his shirt, granting him a few seconds to breathe and to stand again. When she deemed him ready enough, she bent her legs into a battle-ready stance. “Then, I expect you to hit me at least once before I bring you down to the floor again.”

“Challenge… accepted?” He said hesitantly, picking himself up off the floor and dusting himself off. He pressed a hand to his ribcage and winced. “Ahh. Ouch.”

“Any hit counts,” she told him. She held out a hand with her fingers spread out. A small flame danced at the tip of each finger.

Lee, watching nervously, clenched her hands together. “Must the spars be so… serious?" she murmured.
Yukan had come over to watch around the time Sensa threw John to the ground. He seemed calm and unconcerned as usual. In reply to Lee’s comment, he said softly, “Sensa would rather the crew be injured by her, than killed by an enemy. It is her form of kindness.”

“I would not rather!” John said vehemently, overhearing Yukan’s comment. He began moving into his dubious stance once more, his eyes fixed on Sensa’s face. “I would very much not rather! Thank you!”

She closed her hand into a fist and lowered it. “If you would not rather, then do not allow me to injure you. Come, I will allow you the first move this round.”

“First move… Ok. Uhhh…” He raised his fists, feinted to the left, and then lunged for her side, not so much swinging his fist as trying to plough directly into her.
Sensa let him crash into her, but she used his momentum to roll back, swinging him up over her and then down onto the floor. Again.

“Hnnnnnnnnnnnggggggggg….” he made a sound like a balloon slowly deflating, and lay there, staring with wide eyes and slack jaw up at the ceiling. “Can’t… breathe…” he wheezed, staring up with slightly accusing expression at Sensa.

She glared down at him just as accusingly. “Come on, Turner! Use your Zeranorian abilities against me. You won’t land a hit if you’re not serious.”

“I'm not… going to hurt… you!” He said, an edge of exasperation in his tone. Once again he hauled himself to his feet, groaning and straightening his back. “You're not using your abilities!” He realized even as the words left his mouth how much of a mistake they were.

“Fair enough. I’ve been going easy on you.” Sensa lit two fires in her palms, marching up to John and raising them close enough for the heat to be uncomfortable. She opened her mouth as though to speak, then closed it. Her red eyes narrowed. “You don’t care that much if you’re hurt or not, do you? Used to it, maybe?” She lowered her hands. “Then this method isn’t effective. However…” Sensa cast her gaze to Lee standing behind them. “New rules. Protect her.”

John’s jaw dropped. He stared blankly at Sensa, then dropped his hands and looked at Lee, standing just behind him beside Yukan. Turning back to his opponent’s flaming hands, his eyes flared in reflection.

Silently, he raised his hands once more. The electricity crackled as it flowed from his veins, lancing over his hands and up his arms. Silently he resumed his previous stance, this time squarely in front of Lee.

And Sensa attacked.

The Guerran swung a flaming fist directly at his face. John ducked, felt the heat from her fist pass over his head. He spotted her arm coming back and snaked out his hand, grabbing her wrist.

He completely missed seeing her other hand.

She struck him in the side, hard, and he went down with a crash. And Sensa was after Lee. With a cry John scrambled up, flinging himself into Sensa’s path.

The Guerran halted for one moment, and then she was moving again, dropping down low in what looked like the same trick as before. John saw it and dodged back, keeping his body between her’s and Lee’s, electricity crackling dangerously over his arms and chest, larger and louder than before.

He braced himself and watched as Sensa, arms ablaze, charged at him full on. Her eyes blazed challengingly. Would he take the hit? Would he hit her back?

She lunged and he leaped suddenly out of the way. Lee was open to attack! But before Sensa could touch her, John came flying in from the side, wrapping Sensa in what could only be described as a non-affectionate electric hug. The two of them crashed to the floor.

Sensa ended up underneath, and John pinned her hands to the ground, electricity now spreading from his fingers into her body. But the Guerran glared at him and spat, “It doesn't hurt, Turner!” With surprising force, she surged upward, flipping him so that now he was on the ground, and her hands were on his throat.

Lee cried out and took a step forward, but Yukan grabbed her shoulder. He looked a little less calm than usual, his one gray eye narrowed and focused, his fingers on her shoulder incredibly cold. “I will intervene if she loses control,” Yukan told Lee, very quietly.
But Lee couldn't banish the panic building in her as she watched.

“I will keep squeezing until you pass out, Turner, and then I am going to leave a permanent burn on your precious friend, if you do not hurry up and hurt me,” Sensa hissed.

John’s hands kept clutching at her arms, his grip going weaker and weaker with every attempt. Heads were turning, people stopping to watch as the Guerran slowly throttled the Zeranorian. John’s wide eyes stood out, fixed horror stricken on Sensa’s impassive face.

“Hukkk… Urk… Sehhh…” He gasped as his face began to go an unnatural shade, gripping her wrists and hanging on as if that could somehow help him. “Ple...hggg...ease…” Her hard expression hardened.

John’s eyes began to roll up into his head. He squeezed them shut and from his hands there came a wave of energy, an uncontrolled burst of power that lanced over Sensa’s body and into the training grounds around them.

“GAHH!”

Sensa’s fingers shot away from John's neck as the shock of electricity jolted through her body. Several others gave startled cries at the energy lancing in the air. Sensa scrambled to her feet, her breathing shaky and her face pale. She glared down at John.

“That… is satisfactory.” Then, without another word, she turned and left the room.

John just lay there, semi-conscious, wheezing heavily and staring wildly after her. Lee, finally free to move, ran to his side, eyes wide with worry. “A-are you okay?! Can you breathe?!”

“Hnnnnngggg… Hahhhh… Not… Not really…” He shakily sat up, the world swimming before his eyes. “Woah…”

Lee hugged him very gently, trying not to impair his breathing. “I'm sorry… That… that was horrible to watch. I wanted to help somehow…”

“She's… right…” He wheezed, rubbing his neck and grimacing, releasing her from his one-armed hug. His face darkened, and he lowered his arm. “I was too weak to fight Aronan, and I suffered for it. Should have learned from that, but I don't think I have…” He blinked, and fear flooded his eyes. “And I was barely strong enough to defend you….”

“You're not a soldier, John. Neither am I. Sensa, she was born a soldier, right?” Lee sighed deeply. “I… I can't help thinking we're out of our league, trying to fight the Empire. But… maybe with people like Sensa, we can get a little stronger… I just…” She squeezed her eyes shut. “I feel ungrateful, but it feels horrible when you get hurt protecting me. So… So, get strong enough to protect yourself first, and I'll learn to protect myself too, and then we can worry about protecting each other…”

John’s eyes searched her face for a long moment, as if trying to decide whether or not to speak, and what to say. Then he simply flung his arms around her, squeezing her tight. “Ok,” he said quietly. “Ok. I don't ever want you to… To face that kind of situation… I'd do anything.. Anything…”

- + -

Welcome, friends and allies, to the world of the Outsider: the teen forum's first true, massive RP, and the forerunner to all RPs on the forum currently.

The Outsider is currently CLOSED. Lee and I are finishing this story! But here's the good news: ONCE THE STORY IS FINISHED, THE OUTSIDER WILL, ONCE AGAIN, IN HONOR OF ITS BEING THE FORUM'S REPRESENTATIVE RP FOR SO LONG, REOPEN TO THE PUBLIC.
With new characters (and some old), a new story, but most importantly, the same old ship, The Outsider will be ready for a new command crew, and new adventures!

Please note in joining that The Outsider is MUCH MORE FORMAL than the other RPs on the forum. Plots are decided as a whole group, and character relationships, if they do not emerge organically, must be predecided as well--as must ranking and major events. The same rules apply to The Continuity, which is the sister RP to The Outsider, and shares its story (and important plot information). More information will be released closer to the launch date.


Until then, please sit back, relax, and enjoy the ending of one of the longest Forum RPs in existence. 

Post #476:  Autumn Lee posted at Friday, January 13th, 2017, 01:23 PM:
Yukan briefly lingered to make sure John was alright; then he, too, left. He headed for the nearest bathroom and stood across from the door.

Sensa exited after a few minutes, face a sickly pale color. She saw Yukan, and glared.

“I forgot how sick to my stomach electricity makes me…” she muttered, self-consciously rubbing at her mouth with her sleeve.

Yukan only smiled at her kindly. “I am not sure everyone understands your methods. But I appreciate that you would put yourself in such a situation to help a crewmate.”

She dropped her gaze, still glaring. “They don't have the time or luxury to understand. They're not soldiers, but they're going to have to fight soon. I don't care what it takes, they have to be ready…” Sensa muttered. “If you're here to tell me to be nicer, it's not going to happen. I've tried making friends. It doesn't work. No one understands me as anything more than a killing machine. So I've just decided to make sure no one else dies. I don't care if they thank me.”

Yukan sighed, uncrossing his arms and rubbing the side of his head. Then he dropped his hand and smiled again. Always that patient, kind smile. “Sensa,” he said gently, “no one sees you that way anymore. I promise.”

“Yeah, right. After I nearly choked that pilot to death?” Her voice was full of bitterness.

“Everyone knows you were trying to enforce the seriousness of the situation in order to train him better.”

“And how do you know? What, can you read minds?” The color was returning to her face as frustration boiled up within her. Now she was looking at him. Her red eyes shone.

Yukan's smile dropped completely. “You are truly that upset…” he murmured.

“Of course I am! I've been trying to make friends, but instead I just choked one of them and threatened another! I keep wanting to believe I'm not an unfeeling robot like I was made to be, but every time there is a chance to fight, I lose control. Sometimes I think it would have been better for me to die with the rest of Guerra.”

“No,” Yukan said firmly. He stepped forward and gripped Sensa’s shoulders, his gaze almost like cold steel in its severity. “Never think that, Sensa. No matter what you may think, you are nothing like those Guerrans. You are about to cry because you fear yourself to be a cold-blooded killer; they would have boasted about such a thing. You feel more deeply about others than they ever could. Don't ever think that because you express yourself differently than others do, that means no one understands you.” He paused, looking at her with a gentler gaze. “I will always understand you, Sensa. Please do not forget that.”

Sensa blinked, and a tear slid down her cheek. Yukan wiped it away with his thumb, her skin so warm as always in contrast to his cold fingers. But she never flinched from his cold hands. He leaned forward and pressed his lips to her cheek gently.

He pulled back and smiled at her. Her face was a warm pink now, and she blinked several times before fixing him with a glare. “I'm going to go back to the training room,” she muttered. But instead of leaving right away, she pulled Yukan close again and gave him a long kiss on the lips. “Don't do things halfway!” she told him, only pulling back enough to be able to look at him. Then she marched back to the training room, leaving Yukan feeling very warm inside and out.

Post #477:  Imogen posted at 2 hours ago:
“Turners!”

Sensa swept back into the training room, looking much less pale than before. She sought out Gen and John. “You two,” she said. “I have some questions for you.”

The two of them had been standing together, Lee nearby, talking quietly (or in Gen's case, slightly less loudly) in one corner. John flinched slightly when he saw her. He made to move towards her, his hands awkwardly deep within his buckled pockets, as if by hiding his hands he could potentially keep him from engaging with her again.

Sensa halted in front of them. “I need to know more about the Negatives,” she said. “Your electricity reminded me about them. From what I recall, in their physical form they are mostly normal, but they can utilize a form that cannot be touched and can only be harmed by pure energy. Is this correct?”

John nodded quietly, while Gen glared from behind him.

“Yeah,” he said, glancing up at the ceiling. “They can only be destroyed through an overcharge--what we call “full burn”. It's where a Zeranorian--or Negative, I guess--either chooses or is forced to… well, explode, is the best way to put it. There's too much energy for the body to control, and it starts a chain reaction…” He shrugged. “It's dangerous, though… It takes a lot of energy…”

Sensa frowned, crossing her arms. “Such energy isn't limited to electricity, is it? Yukan and I both can control energy, though my ability may be better suited than his. Basically, I can increase atoms’ speed, creating friction and heat, and an increase in energy. Yukan does the opposite; he slows the speed of atoms, sapping energy and draining heat. Would we prove useful against the Negatives?”

John stared at her for a long, unreadable moment, and then a grin slowly lit up his eyes. “Y-yeaaaaah! You would have to have your heat supercharged almost to the point where it, uh, where it really doesn't look like fire anymore…! Hmm…” His brows furrowed and he frowned absently, snatching up a nearby pad of paper and a pencil and sinking into the nearest chair. He leaned forward, beginning to scribble feverishly. Gen continued to glare dangerously at Sensa. Sensa ignored her.

“I am capable of making blue fire, which is as hot as fire can go,” she offered, eyes scrunching as she tried to make out what exactly John was scribbling. His handwriting was as messy as his hair.

“Yeee-eees,” he hummed, raising the pencil and chewing it thoughtfully. He ran a hand through his hair, then propped his chin on the back of it, leaning on the table. “Yeah… Blue fire might be--can you get it any hotter? Any purer? Purest energy is really what will take them down…”

“Particle accelerator or fission bomb level output,” Gen said sullenly, still glaring at Sensa. John waved a hand dismissively.

“Not quite that level… but yes, pretty close! Can you…?”

Sensa experimentally lit a flame on the tip of one finger. It started out red, but gradually turned orange, then yellow, and then finally blue. She narrowed her eyes in concentration.

John felt the heat of it, and turned around, fixing his wide eyes on her flame. The light danced in his glasses. “Impressive…” He murmured.

“What, exactly, are the Negatives made out of?” Sensa asked, still concentrating on her fire. “It's impossible for them to only be energy; they would disperse into the air. Do they retain some of their chemical composition from their physical form? It's possible that I could create a hotter fire by making use of atmospheric elements; carbon and nitrogen are especially useful...”

“Yes, 6,000 Kelvin would probably hurt even a Negative,” remarked Yukan.
Sensa startled, completely unaware that he had been standing behind her. Her flame vanished.

John jumped with a yelp, looking up quickly from where he had been sitting, staring at the flame. He gave a sheepish half grin and a laugh, and rubbed the back of his neck. “I mean, you would expect them to disperse, according to every law of entropy that we have--but the Negatives function by breaking those laws, specifically the second law of thermodynamics. They defy entropy--it says--well, sort of--that expended energy cannot return to it’s source--”entropy must always increase”--yeah? Well, Negatives break that. Each a system within itself. External influence in the form of overcharge disrupts that system, ‘cause there’s nowhere for all of the energy to go. So they just…” He made an explosion sign with his hands. “Ka-pewwww!”

“If they are constantly expending and creating energy,” Yukan queried, “is it possible for them to overcharge their own selves? Say, if they were unable to expend energy, but continued creating it.”

But John shook his head. “You misunderstand,” he said fixing his glasses and leaning forward. “It's the same energy--they're each an isolated system, so new energy cannot be created--but paradoxically, for the Negatives the energy they do use is not expended, either. Ever noticed that humming, around their edges?” John asked, picking up the drawing pad and beginning to scribble across its surface again. “That's essentially a visualisation of the law break. The same energy constantly lost and regained, lost and regained, over and over again for all eternity.” He drew wide circles on the paper as if to punctuate his point. “Energy doesn't change. Matter does. Negatives are not made of matter, so… They're just contained within this entropic-non-entropic prison for, well, forever… Or until overcharge…” John shrugged, and laid the pad and pencil down, looking up at the Captain and Sensa.

Yukan rubbed the side of his head, frowning slightly. “Hm, then I suppose my ability will not be of much use.” He smiled again. “I once tried creating absolute zero, and nearly got it, but it’s never been needed.”

Their conversation was interrupted by AntiCure’s voice over the speakers.
“Captain, we have received a comm from the Continuity; your presence is needed on the bridge.”

John leaped to his feet, toppling the pad and pencil to the ground and almost toppling the chair upon which he had been seated. He stumbled upright, fixed his glasses and then reached for his coat. 
Yukan nodded, though AntiCure couldn’t see it. “We will be there in just a few moments.” He smiled at Sensa. “Enjoy training with the others.”

Sensa blinked. If she didn’t know any better, he was teasing her… She glanced at Gen sharply, and received a glare just as sharp in return.

